no opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis.. the chest ct for further evaluation.. no opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease.. no is no increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation.
no opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis.. the follow ct for further evaluation.. the are in the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease.. the is no increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation.. no lungs silhouette upper within normal limits.
no opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis.. the chest ct for further evaluation.. no opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease.. no is no increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation.. no lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no post left mastectomy.. the size is.. the are clear.. .
no post left mastectomy.. the size is.. no are clear.
no soft tissue density.. stable heart xxxx hiatal hernia.. the sternotomy base bandlike opacity.. there heart xxxx atelectasis.. stable size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. stable lucency tissue density is present.. there are to be a within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia.. there calcification is noted.. there granuloma is present.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there lungs is tortuous and ectatic.. there is degenerative changes of the <unk> joints.. there is changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there lungs is calcified and ectatic.. there are degenerative changes of the <unk> joints.. the are changes of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is calcified suspicious areas opacities to suggest pneumonia.. the lungs spaces are clear.. the lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.. there contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the is low focal areas opacities to suggest pneumonia.. no lungs spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is midline.. no lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are free without focal of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. the lungs are clear bilaterally evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are clear bilaterally focal of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no size and pulmonary contour are unremarkable in appearance.. there pleural airspace opacities.. no pleural evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are unremarkable in appearance.. the focal airspace opacities.. no pleural evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no is no acute areas of <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. no is no focal or pleural effusion.. no is no acute air of <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no for.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal is normal normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
stable airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid.. stable volumes are decreased.. the airspace and bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting are present.. stable size is.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.
no prominent heart.. the acute.. there pleural.. no pleural or masses.
no enlarged heart.. the acute.. there focal.. there pleural or masses.. there xxxx calcifications.
no atelectasis right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view.. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. no differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart <unk>.
no atelectasis right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view.. the focal pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. no differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart <unk>.
low atelectasis right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view.. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. no differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart <unk>.
no atelectasis right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view.. the focal pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. no differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart <unk>.
xxxx xxxx xxxx.. the right pleural effusion along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening andor some loculated effusion accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis airspace disease within the right lung base.. the opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is xxxx on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated the the upper aspect of the xxxx fissure.. there xxxx opacities compatible with scarringchronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination.. there mediastinal <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. no right apical effusion along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening andor some loculated effusion accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis airspace disease within the right lung base.. there opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is xxxx on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis fluid associated the the upper aspect of the xxxx fissure.. there xxxx opacities compatible with scarringchronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded no infiltrates.. the focal atelectasis is present in the lingula.. no and is.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded no infiltrates.. the focal atelectasis is present in the lingula.
xxxx cardiomegaly cardiomegaly central vascular congestion.. stable lung volumes bronchovascular left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. the bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder possibly chronic.. there clinical correlation.. there cardiac is again mildly enlarged.. there contours are stable.. there is somewhat rotated.. there xxxx are clear with elevated left hemidiaphragm.
stable cardiomegaly cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. the bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder possibly chronic.. the clinical correlation.. there aorta is not mildly enlarged.. there contours are stable.. there status somewhat rotated.. there lungs are free with elevated left hemidiaphragm.
low with bibasilar visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. no focal consolidation.
no with lingular visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. no focal consolidation.. no and is.
no right pneumothorax complete collapse of the right lung near 100%.. the mediastinal shift is present suggesting xxxx <unk>.. .
stable right pneumothorax complete collapse of the right lung near 100%.. stable mediastinal shift is present suggesting xxxx <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no pleural in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no pleural in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule.
no are no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary mediastinum size are within normal limits.. the is no pleural edema.. no is no focal air.. no are no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no are no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary mediastinum size are within normal limits.. the is no pleural edema.. no is no focal air.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.
no for acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no right right base.
no for acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no right right base.
no evidence.. the size is.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. no lungs lungs.. no pleural or.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. there lungs lungs.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there is no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. there are no projecting of the left midlung unchanged from prior this is is xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease.
no lung study without definite acute process.. no heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. there volumes are low central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar <unk>.
no lung study without acute acute process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. there volumes are low central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar <unk>.. no changes of the <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no lung lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and.. the vascularity is unremarkable normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in.. the heart is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no few calcified thoracic aorta is present.
no size is.. the are clear.
no size is.
no change of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy.. the chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation.. the lungs are clear infiltrate of focal airspace disease.. no is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no change of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy.. the chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation.. the lungs are clear infiltrate of focal airspace disease.. no is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no size is normal.. no width is within normal limits for supine ap technique.. no focal.. no pleural consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no size is normal.. the contours is within normal limits for supine ap technique.. the focal or.. no pleural consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated and clear.
no improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions.. no small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion.. there heart silhouette.. there improvement in lung volumes bilaterally.. there aeration of the right and left lung bases.
stable improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions.. stable small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion.. the pulmonary silhouette.. there improvement in lung volumes bilaterally.. there aeration of the right and left lung bases.. no small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change with interval improvement.. no xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal <unk>.
no lungs consistent with emphysema.. the acute of active disease.. the lungs size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the is been clearing of left base airspace opacities.. there lungs are appear clear.. there pleural or pleural effusion <unk>.
no lungs consistent with emphysema.. the evidence of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there is been clearing of left base airspace opacities.. there lungs are appear clear.. there pleural or pleural effusion <unk>.
no acute pulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the acute consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. the appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. there no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there pleural consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no osseous structures appear <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. no contour within normal limits.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. there contour within normal limits.
no left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. the evidence pulmonary.. there is t-spine xxxx left basilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there are no pneumothorax air consolidation suggest pneumonia.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there size is within the upper limits of normal.. there silhouette xxxx overlies the right ventricle.. there lungs are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no cardiomegaly prominence of mediastinum consider repeat cxr xxxx if any concern for vascular process.. no limited study secondary to patient xxxx.. no lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly prominence of mediastinum consider repeat cxr xxxx if any concern for vascular process.. the limited study secondary to patient xxxx.. there lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contour are normal.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal.. the position contour.. no pleural airspace consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the cardiomediastinal contour.. no pleural consolidation consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal is normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. no lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate.
stable cardiomegaly lung changes.. stable acute cardiopulmonary seen.. the heart size.. the xxxx aorta.. there pleural or pleural effusion.
no appearance lung changes.. the acute cardiopulmonary seen.. the heart size.. no calcified aorta.
no left lung changes.. stable evidence pulmonary seen.. the heart size.. there right aorta.. no pleural pleural effusion.. there pleural focal air space opacities.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no innumerable bilateral small lung nodules.. the acute.. the size is pulmonary vascular within within normal limits.. the bilateral lung nodules are present.. there are seen diffusely throughout both lungs.. there pleural focal airspace disease is seen.
no innumerable bilateral small lung nodules.. the evidence.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there bilateral lung nodules are present.. there are seen diffusely throughout both lungs.. there pleural focal airspace disease is seen.. there pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no appearance airspace opacity.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette tortuous thoracic.. the granulomatous disease.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no change effusions.. the size is normal limits.. there xxxx of left subclavian central venous catheter.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no change effusions.. the size is normal limits.. the cardiomediastinal of left subclavian central venous catheter.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there spondylosis.
no lungs.. the focal adenopathy or significant scarring.. the pleural pulmonary <unk>.
no lungs.. the focal adenopathy or significant scarring.. the pleural pulmonary <unk>.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no pleural pulmonary nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal limits.. the is no blunting with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema.. no for pneumothorax pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax xxxx.. the size is pulmonary contour within normal.. there vasculature is within.. there are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax xxxx.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal.. no vasculature is within.
no is no separation of right xxxx xxxx question very acute versus chronic injury.. the for focal pain.. the there consider dedicated right shoulder films.. there focal cortical artery disease.. there is no separation of the right xxxx xxxx.. there was not.. no bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote xxxx.
no are xxxx separation of right xxxx xxxx question very acute versus chronic injury.. heart for focal pain.. there there consider dedicated right shoulder films.. there pleural cortical artery disease.. there are no separation of the right xxxx xxxx.. there is age-indeterminate.. there bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote xxxx.. no hilar mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute cardiopulmonary fractures.. there cardiomediastinal is again in size.. there lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no lungs is mildly rotated.
no improvement of left lower lobe airspace disease.. the may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate.. the heart is pulmonary contours are stable.. there is calcified and tortuous compatible with atherosclerotic disease.
no development of left lower lobe airspace disease.. the may represent due to atelectasis or infiltrate.. the lungs is mediastinal contours are unchanged.. no is tortuous and tortuous compatible with atherosclerotic disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the changes consistent with emphysema.. the lungs are clear flattened diaphragms.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration from prior exam.. no is no blunting of the thoracic aorta.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the changes consistent with emphysema.. the lungs are clear flattened diaphragms.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and <unk> from prior exam.. no is no blunting of the thoracic aorta.
no of left lower lobe pneumonia andor pleural effusion.. no heart size mild central vascular congestive changes.. there is no at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation.. there is be be small bilateral pleural effusion.. there limits of normal heart size.. there degenerative vascular prominence.
no of left lower lobe pneumonia andor pleural effusion.. no heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes.. there is no at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation.. there are also be small bilateral pleural effusion.. no limits of normal heart size.. no degenerative vascular prominence.. no fracture deformities of multiple right <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. the is no focal effusion or pneumothorax.
no lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis.. the is a evidence consolidation or pneumothorax.. no is low lung volumes with.. no lungs and and mediastinal mediastinum have a normal appearance.
low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis.. the are mild focal consolidation or pneumothorax.. there is low lung volumes.. there lungs and and pulmonary mediastinum have a normal appearance.. there is no pneumothorax vascular congestion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. there no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable changes in the lungs.. stable heart are free.. no size is.
no cardiomegaly without mild lungs.. the cardiomediastinal.. there cardiomediastinal of the aorta.
no heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. the lungs are clear infiltrate of infiltrate infiltrate or effusion.. no is no pneumothorax or.
no cardiac is midline.. the heart silhouette is within in.. the lungs are free infiltrate of infiltrate infiltrate or effusion.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no degenerative opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no degenerative opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. there lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there are no irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib xxxx secondary to old rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib xxxx secondary to old rib fracture.
no granulomatous disease.. the acute pulmonary disease.. the is no calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe.. the are appear believed to be clear.
no granulomatous disease.. the acute pulmonary disease.. the is no calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe.. the are appear believed to be clear.
no bilateral opacity lateral right lung subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring.. the size mildly normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no right opacity lateral right lung subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring.. the size within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no left hemidiaphragm.. no evidence of active disease.. there heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there heart thoracic aorta is tortuous.. there venous catheter is again noted.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the lungs hemidiaphragm remains elevated.
no left hemidiaphragm.. the acute of active disease.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs thoracic aorta is tortuous.. there venous catheter is again noted.. there lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no lung volumes mild lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region xxxx related to history of bronchitis.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated.
no lung volumes mild lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region xxxx related to history of bronchitis.. the focal osseous.. no lungs is normal in size.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .
no size is normal and the lungs are <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute lung consolidation.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs tissues are within normal limits.. no heart cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours.
no acute lung opacity.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no lungs tissues are within normal limits.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease or of acute kyphotic deformity and of the thorax as described above the lungs appear clear.. the heart is pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the is no kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum.. there is no xxxx fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body.. there lungs is mildly post vertebroplasty at multiple levels.. there lungs spaces are clear.. there are no chest xxxx the distal tip in the upper right atrium.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no age indeterminate anterior wedging at the t11 level.. no size is pulmonary contour are within normal limits.. there bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection.. there pleural edema congestion.. there pleural focal.. there pleural airspace.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no xxxx-distention wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body approximately t11 <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. there age indeterminate anterior wedging at the t11 level.. there size is pulmonary contour are within normal limits.. there bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection.. there pleural edema congestion.. there pleural focal.. there pleural consolidation.. there is no pneumothorax free effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no blunting wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body approximately t11 <unk>.
no heart are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema.. no is hyperinflation pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases.. there pleural consolidation is seen.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there size is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the is prominent of prior sternotomy and cabg.. the size is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are scattered of prior sternotomy and cabg.. the size is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid.. stable size large.. there vascularity are engorged.
no heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid.. the size large.. the vascularity are normal.. no predominantly infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is normal.. no is no pneumothorax air consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no focal air opacity pleural.
stable cardiac silhouette are normal.. the hilar contours.. the heart are otherwise.. no <unk>.
no cardiac silhouette are normal.. the hilar contours.. the heart are otherwise.. there <unk>.
no heart contours are normal.. the hilar contours.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the right or atelectasis right midlung.. the cardiomegaly.. there cardiomegaly.. there contours width.. there xxxx within normal limits.. there lungs are free.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the xxxx or atelectasis right midlung.. there cardiomegaly.. there cardiomegaly.. there contours width.
no size is mediastinal contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the airspace density within the medial right lung base not obscuring the right heart xxxx.. no was represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history.
no size is mediastinal contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the airspace density within the medial right lung base not obscuring the right heart xxxx.. no is represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history.. no upper clear.
no focal nodular in the left upper lobe differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis small infiltrate scarring followup recommended.. the focal pleural effusion seen.. no size and normal limits typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no lungs air.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free hyperinflated.. no size is normal.
no lungs air.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. there lungs are free hyperinflated.. there size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and pulmonary contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no for chest x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.
no for chest x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. stable granulomatous infection.. the silhouette within normal limits.. no xxxx is within.. no is no calcified testes bilaterally consistent with prior granulomatous infection stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the granulomatous infection.. the silhouette within normal limits.. no vasculature is within.. no is no calcified testes bilaterally consistent with prior granulomatous infection stable.
no cardiomegaly.. right mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection.. there xxxx for further evaluation of mediastinum given tspine injury noted on cspine imaging.. there result notification documented through primordial.. there projection and large body habitus.. there evaluation evaluation.. there degenerative.. there focal pneumothorax.
low cardiomegaly.. no mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection.. there xxxx for further evaluation of mediastinum given tspine injury noted on cspine imaging.. there result notification documented through primordial.. there projection and large body habitus.. there evaluation evaluation.. there degenerative.
no increase in size of the cardiac silhouette.. the whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion.. there vascularity congestion.. there mediastinum.
no increase in size of the cardiac silhouette.. the whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion.. the vascularity congestion.. no mediastinum.
no changes.. the of prior right midlung infiltrate.. there sulcal is normal in size and contour.. there are clear.. there pleural consolidation pleural or pleural effusion.. there resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatoryinfectious process.
no changes without.. the of prior right midlung infiltrate.. there sulcal is normal in size and contour.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace opacities.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the pleural airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no left lower lobe airspace disease concerning for pneumonia.. no upper lobe opacity favoring scarring andor granulomas.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. no is no airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe.. there is no opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar andor granulomatous calcification.
no left lower lobe airspace disease concerning for pneumonia.. the upper lobe opacity favoring scarring andor granulomas.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there is no airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe.. there is no opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar andor granulomatous calcification.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding no acute cardiopulmonary finding.. the lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.. the of prior granulomatous disease.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding no acute cardiopulmonary finding.. the lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.. the of prior granulomatous disease.. there the clear.
no loculated right pleural fusion.. the acute chronic interstitial lung <unk>.. .
stable loculated right pleural fusion.. stable acute chronic interstitial lung <unk>.. .
no exam lung volume exam.. the no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. no lung volumes no focal airspace consolidation.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no appearance lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no xxxx is within.
no chest lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no xxxx is within.
no acute alveolar consolidation.. no lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease.. there is no changes of sternotomy.. there size and normal normal limits.. there is no atherosclerotic vascular calcification.. there lungs are clear hyperinflated.
no acute airspace consolidation.. no lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease.. there is t-spine changes of sternotomy.. there size is normal normal limits.. there are no atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
no hypoinflation congestion.. the atelectasis airspace opacities.. there enlarged heart.. no xxxx contours.. no xxxx calcifications.
no vascular congestion.. the atelectasis airspace opacities.. the enlarged heart.. the xxxx contours.. there xxxx calcifications.. there lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings compatible with emphysema.
low atelectasis basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. no no acute cardiopulmonary disease demonstrated.. the xxxx xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips remain in xxxx.. there lungs silhouette is normal in appearance.. there lungs aorta is tortuous and calcified stable appearance since xxxx exam.. there pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. the right basilar subsegmental atelectasis.
no right basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease demonstrated.. there xxxx xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips remain in xxxx.. there lungs silhouette is normal in appearance.. the lungs spine is tortuous and calcified stable appearance since xxxx exam.. the pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. the calcified basilar subsegmental atelectasis.
no left lower in the left lateral costophrenic recess.. the residual left lung base airspace disease.. the right size enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta.
no right effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess.. no residual left lung base airspace disease.. no appearance size enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta.
no cardiomegaly.. no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the no evidence rib fractures demonstrated.. the are no tortuosity.. the vasculature is normal in caliber.. the are degenerative degenerative opacities bilaterally favoring scar or atelectasis.. there lungs are free clear.
no lungs clear lungs.. the lower spine cervical fusion.. the are clear clear with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease.. no are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax.
no lungs clear lungs.. the lower spine cervical fusion.. the are clear hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease.. no are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no oblong opacity in the lateral right base.. the may represent pleural based process.. the lungs xxxx is unclear.. there exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.. there granuloma is present in the right base.. there pleural or pleural effusion <unk>.
no oblong opacity in the lateral right base.. the may represent scarring based process.. the lungs xxxx is unclear.. no exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the images.. the left right lung base.. there size is pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. there contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. no left right lung base.. no size is pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no consistent copd with no acute changes.. the are clear.. the focal or masses.. no lungs of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram.
stable of copd with no acute changes.. the are clear.. there focal or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are a left basilar xxxx with tip in the mid svc.. the lungs is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are a left chest xxxx with tip in the mid svc.. the lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. the cardiomediastinal calcified granuloma left base.. the focal focal findingsopacitiesinfiltrates <unk>.. .
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. the cardiomediastinal calcified granuloma left base.. the focal of findingsopacitiesinfiltrates <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the is no focal or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
.. .. .
.. .. .. .
cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial opacities xxxx represent interstitial edema.. the contours are normal limits.. no interstitial opacities.
no without pulmonary interstitial opacities xxxx represent interstitial edema.. heart contours are normal limits.. there interstitial opacities.. there focal large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the is no subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung.. no may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the is low subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung.. no may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the is low subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung.. no may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas.
no size is.. the catheter tip in upper svc.. the are clear.. no endplate overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral <unk>.
no size is.. the catheter tip in upper svc.. the are clear without.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no is no peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions more conspicuous than on the prior study.. the can be manifestations of reactive airways disease.. the is no pleural pneumonia.. no are clear <unk>.
no are xxxx peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions more conspicuous than on the prior study.. the can be manifestations of reactive airways disease.. no is no pleural pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is no focal bony <unk>.
no acute airspace space consolidation.. the lungs suggestive of obstructive.. the are free.. no is no pleural air consolidation.. no pleural pulmonary nodules or nodule is seen.
no acute airspace space consolidation.. the lungs suggestive of emphysema.. the are free.. there are no pleural air consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no acute air space consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the lungs are free.. no is no focal air space consolidations.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions.. the lungs is midline.. no for acute pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions.. the lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no chest with without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and lateral views of the chest show the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal.. the is no distribution of the pulmonary vascularity.
no chest x-xxxx without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and lateral views of the chest show the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal.. the is no distribution of the pulmonary vascularity.. no lungs are clear without.
no and superimposed cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size enlarged.. the lungs is stable.. there calcifications of within the thoracic aorta.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or or focal airspace disease.
no without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is enlarged.. there heart is unremarkable.. there calcifications of within the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute of active tuberculosis.. there pleural pleural effusion or focal consolidation.. no size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal of tuberculosis tuberculosis.. the focal pleural effusion or focal consolidation.. no size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no spur disease within the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the lungs.. there changes disease within the spine.
no lungs.. the acute evidence of tuberculosis.. the right xxxx.. there right xxxx.. there lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no the lungs.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.. there skeletal structures are <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no the lungs.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no appearance lower lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening.. the consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia.. the mediastinum hilum is retracted superiorly.. the the interval left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles.. there pleural thickening is present in the left apex.. there pleural are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung.. no size is as.
stable appearance upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening.. stable consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia.. the heart hilum is retracted superiorly.. there addition collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles.
no acute pulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. no contour within normal limits.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly size improved mediastinal widening.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no cardiomegaly size no mediastinal widening.. the acute consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the tortuosity bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. no pulmonary contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes.. no pleural <unk>.
no lung volumes subsequent bibasilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate.. the lung volumes.. there silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there bibasilar airspace opacities.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
low lung volumes streaky bibasilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate.. the lung volumes are.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there bibasilar airspace opacities.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no acute airspace consolidation.. the lungs suggestive of emphysema.. the subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. the lungs are free.. there is no opacities in the lingula xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute airspace consolidation.. the lungs suggestive of obstructive.. the subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there lungs are free.. there is no opacities in the lingula xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there size is as normal limits.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction.. the may represent due.. the basilar atelectasis in the right lung base.. there volumes are low.. there are no opacity in the right upper lobe near the anterior right first rib on pa view.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart postsurgical changes.. the size mediastinum and lung xxxx are unremarkable.. no appearance granulomas granuloma in left <unk>.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease postsurgical changes.. the size mediastinum and lung xxxx are unremarkable.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas granuloma in left <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. the congestion.. no mediastinal silhouette is.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the mediastinal silhouette is.. no structures appear <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. the cardiomegaly.. no mediastinal silhouette is.
no lung volumes mild base airspace disease.. the size is limits of normal.. the lung volumes mild basilar crowding and right basilar airspace disease.. no pleural or pleural.
no lung volumes bronchovascular base airspace disease.. the size is limits of normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema.. the and lateral loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia.. the changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms.. no of the costophrenic xxxx and xxxx secondary to scarringemphysematous changes.. no pleural of pneumothorax airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no osseous structures of <unk>.
no changes without acute of acute airspace disease or pulmonary edema.. the and lateral loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia.. the changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms.. the of the costophrenic xxxx and xxxx secondary to scarringemphysematous changes.. no pleural of pneumothorax airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute or pleural effusion.. the lung lobe infiltrate.. the heart contour.
no acute or pleural effusion.. the lung lobe infiltrate.. no cardiac contour.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart.. the lungs.. no midline.
no chest.. the is midline.. no heart size.. no lungs.
no chest exam.. the is midline.. the heart size.
no xxxx xxxx.. the focal appearing lung nodules.. the and clear lungs.. the contours within normal limits.. the pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. the acute appearing lung nodules.. the and clear lungs.
no acute of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. the is no tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there pleural nodules or adenopathy are noted.
no acute of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the is no tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. there pleural nodules or adenopathy are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the heart and perihilar structures appear to.. the lungs are to be clear any focal infiltrates.. no structures are to be within normal limits.
no cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the heart and perihilar structures appear to.. the lungs are to be clear any focal infiltrates.. no structures are to be within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. there lung volumes the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. no lung volumes the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis.
stable increased air space opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases.. stable compatible nonspecific but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process.. the increased xxxx airspace opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases.. no size is normal normal limits.
no increased air space opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases.. the are nonspecific but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process.. the increased xxxx airspace opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. there size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size mediastinal vascular markings.. the of prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size mediastinal vascular markings.. there of prior granulomatous disease.
no area disease in the right middle lobe.. the may most concerning for pneumonia.. the follow up to ensure resolution.. no lungs and not in size contour.. no is no opacity disease in the right middle lobe.
no atelectasis disease in the right middle lobe.. the may favored concerning for pneumonia.. the follow up to ensure resolution.. no lungs and not in size contour.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour is unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation suspicious effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear normal normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute change compared to prior.. the atelectasis disease may represent infection or mild edema.. there xxxx cardiac silhouette.. no bilateral lower lobe airspace disease not significantly xxxx compared to prior.
no acute finding compared to prior.. the atelectasis disease may represent infection or mild edema.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac silhouette.
no size within normal limits aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the appearance pattern nonspecific in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease infectious inflammatory process atypical pulmonary edema.. there highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration.. there appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury.. there pleural pleural effusion seen <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the artery stents visualized.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the artery stents visualized.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and contour.. there heart are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there pleural bony <unk>.
no left lower lobe airspace disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs is atherosclerotic.. there xxxx disease within the left lower lung.. there lungs of the lungs are clear.
no left lower lobe airspace disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the heart is stable.. there heart is atherosclerotic.. there xxxx disease within the left lower lung.. there lungs of the lungs are clear.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.. no are no acute findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the xxxx-a-xxxx lobe calcified granuloma.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. there chest lobe calcified granuloma.. the are no pleural air space opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no focal juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of xxxx.. the chest x-xxxx is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document xxxx.. the lungs size normal enlarged.. the lungs pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.. no osseous structures of <unk>.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of xxxx.. the chest x-xxxx is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document xxxx.. the lungs is normal enlarged.. the lungs pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.
cardiomegaly without pulmonary venous hypertension.. the heart size enlarged and the pulmonary xxxx are engorged.. no focal.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular hypertension.. the heart size enlarged and the pulmonary xxxx are engorged.. no focal.
no change upper lobe infiltrate.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no opacity opacity in the left upper lobe.. no of tuberculosis should be excluded.
no left upper lobe infiltrate.. the heart size normal in size.. there heart is unremarkable.. there is no opacity opacity in the left upper lobe.. there of tuberculosis should be excluded.. there pleural effusion or <unk>.. there is no pneumothorax lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the size is within limits of or mildly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. there and is normal limits of or mildly enlarged.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk> with mild degenerative changes in thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no focal consolidation space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
low lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease.. low lung volumes are with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.. there silhouette and within normal limits.
no lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no changes of the <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are otherwise.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal vasculature and central airways.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. no heart vasculature and central airways.
no area of xxxx scarring or atelectasis within the lingula.. the focal pulmonary disease.. the lungs is not in size contour.. there is no xxxx area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula.. there lungs are free clear focal infiltrate.
no atelectasis of xxxx scarring or atelectasis within the lingula.. no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs is normal in size contour.. no are no 0 area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula.. there lungs are free clear focal infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary related findings.. the note that fractures fractures may not be demonstrated.. the focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are <unk> but blunted costophrenic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary <unk> soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary or soft tissue <unk>.
no of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. the are a of of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease.. the focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar.. no calcified granulomas and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma.
no of chronic lung lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. the are a of of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar.. no calcified granulomas and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma.
no of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. the is a of of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease.. no focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar.. no calcified granulomas and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the acute disease effusion or noncalcified nodule.. there heart size and mediastinal.. no osseous of the chest xxxx are within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no acute disease effusion or noncalcified nodule.. there heart size mediastinal.. there xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum are.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. there lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. there xxxx are body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the is no tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the is no tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. there pleural airspace disease is seen.
no lung lobe pneumonia.. the heart is is normal normal limits.. the is midline.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no basilar lobe pneumonia.. the heart is is normal normal limits.. the is midline.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no total images.. the size and normal.. the aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta.. no pleural are available to evaluate stability.
no total images.. the size is normal.. the aorta mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta.. no pleural are available to evaluate stability.
no total images.. the size and normal.. the aorta mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta.. the pleural are available to evaluate stability.. there pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a of the lungs to be clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax heart normal.. no is no changes of the aorta.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the is a the lungs to be clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax heart normal.. there are no changes of the aorta.. there skeletal structures are <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the subsegmental scarring.. there well-expanded and clear lungs.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the subsegmental scarring.. the well-expanded and clear lungs.. no contours is normal limits.
no lower clear.. no cardiomegaly.. the hilar.. the lung lobe infiltrate.. there bullae levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax.
no lower clear.. stable cardiomegaly.. the dual-lumen.. the hilar lobe infiltrate.. there air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax.. there opacity finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula.
cardiomegaly lower clear.. the cardiomegaly.. the lung.. the lung lobe infiltrate.. there air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax.. there may finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula.
no acute pulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is stable.. there subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc.. there pleural.. there skeletal are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there axillary central catheter tip in distal svc.. there pleural or.
no without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the appearance chest cardiac xxxx generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle.. there size and.. no pleural or effusion or focal airspace disease.
no without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal base cardiac xxxx generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle.. there size is.. no pleural or effusion or focal airspace disease.
xxxx left midlung atelectasis.. the of left costophrenic xxxx.. the could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring.. the images.. there heart silhouette is enlarged.. there spondylosis atherosclerotic calcifications are present.. there are degenerative status post sternotomy and cabg.. there xxxx or scar is noted within the left midlung.
no left basilar atelectasis.. the of left costophrenic xxxx.. the could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring.. the images.. the heart silhouette is enlarged.. the spondylosis atherosclerotic calcifications are present.. the are degenerative status post sternotomy and cabg.
no without lingular focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. no xxxx are present in the angulate.
no with lingular focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. the are are present in the angulate.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no size is and lungs are <unk>.. the acute or pneumonia.. no focal.
no size is and lungs are <unk>.. the focal or pneumonia.. the focal.
no right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint.. no lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded.. there followup for chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate.. there and recommendations were discussed xxxx.. there xxxx xxxx xxxx department at xxxx <unk>.. there cardiomegaly.. there ectatic.. there pleural infiltrate.. there pneumothorax or pleural pleural <unk>.
no right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint.. no lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded.. there xxxx xxxx chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate.. there and recommendations were discussed xxxx.. there xxxx the xxxx department at xxxx <unk>.. there cardiomegaly.. there ectatic.
no appearance lung consolidation possibly infectious pneumonia andor aspiration.. no xxxx radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution.. there right residual medial right basilar airspace disease.. there tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm.. there subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc.. there tubing traverses along the anterior left hemithorax.. there are no stable left lower lobe consolidation.
no cardiomegaly lung consolidation possibly infectious pneumonia andor aspiration.. the followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution.. the cardiomediastinal residual medial right basilar airspace disease.. the tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm.. the subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc.. there tubing traverses along the anterior left hemithorax.
left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.. xxxx right effusion is also present.. there without overt edema.. there silhouette is enlarged but unchanged.. there are no xxxx central line with a xxxx lumen.. there vasculature is within normal limits.. there is normal.. there opacity left greater than right is appreciated.
xxxx pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.. xxxx right effusion is also present.. there without overt edema.. there silhouette is enlarged but unchanged.. there are no picc central line with a xxxx lumen.. there vasculature is within normal limits.. there is normal.. there opacity left greater than right is appreciated.
no basilar effusion with adjacent atelectasis.. the right pleural is also present.. the is overt edema.. there silhouette is enlarged but unchanged.. there are no picc central line with a xxxx lumen.. there vasculature is within normal limits.
stable atelectasis disease left greater than right.. the cardiomegaly changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum.. the of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum.. there are low bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right.. no xxxx pleural pleural <unk>.. .
cardiomegaly airspace disease left greater than right.. stable cardiomegaly changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum.. the of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum.. no are low bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right.
no and ectasiatortuosity cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no and ectasiatortuosity cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute pulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are <unk> clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal.. the focal airspace.. no are no changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. no focal airspace.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear bilaterally evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is low granulomas the left lower lobe.. no is no pleural of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is calcified granulomas the left lower lobe.. no is no pneumothorax of pleural large pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration.. stable right pleural effusion.. there lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding infiltrates or pulmonary edema.. no evaluation of heart size due to obscured heart <unk>.
stable left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration.. stable right pleural effusion.. there dual-lumen bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding infiltrates or pulmonary edema.. no evaluation of heart size due to obscured heart <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no medial hilar calcified lymph xxxxgranulomas.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no medial hilar calcified lymph xxxxgranulomas.
no size is normal limits normal and lungs are clear.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no size normal normal limits normal lungs are clear.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no acute bony <unk>.
xxxx basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis.. xxxx of xxxx cell disease.. the cardiomegaly.. no of the lungs.. no lung atelectasis opacity may represent atelectasis.. no are clear clear without pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no upper infiltrate favored to represent atelectasis.. the of xxxx cell disease.. the cardiomegaly.. no of the lungs.. no lung calcified opacity may represent atelectasis.. no are clear clear without pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no and xxxx are noted noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no xxxx xxxx are again noted.. no lungs are <unk> and focal infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is low lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is low lung volumes.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation.. no is no.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is low lung volumes.. the are no pneumothorax consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no structure in the ap xxxx could represent lymphadenopathy mass pulmonary arterial abnormality xxxx as aneurysm or enlargement of the left atrial appendage.. the prior chest x-xxxx are not available online at this xxxx should be considered.. the heart size.. no is no calcified density in the ap xxxx.. no and performed in xxxx is not available for review at this time.
no structure in the ap xxxx could represent lymphadenopathy mass pulmonary arterial abnormality xxxx as aneurysm or enlargement of the left atrial appendage.. the prior chest x-xxxx are not available online at this xxxx should be considered.. the heart size.. there are no loss density in the ap xxxx.. there xxxx performed in xxxx is not available for review at this time.. there are hyperexpanded with flattening diaphragms.. there granuloma hilar lobe granuloma.. there pneumothorax consolidation consolidation or pleural effusion.. there xxxx edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is calcified granulomas.. there size is normal.. there pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no nodules.. no size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. stable heart silhouette is within in and configuration.. the lungs aorta is tortuous.. the vasculature is normal limits.. there lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the lungs aorta is tortuous.. the vasculature is normal limits.. there lungs are clear.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or focal consolidation.. there is no pneumothorax displaced rib fracture.
no lungs clear.. no heart size.. no lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no xxxx-a-xxxx silhouette visualized.. no for acute displaced <unk>.
no lungs otherwise clear.. no heart size.. the lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no axillary silhouette visualized.. no for acute bone <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the are scattered calcified granulomas.. no lungs are clear grossly.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute of active disease.. the is t-spine calcified granulomas.. the lungs are free grossly.. there pleural airspace consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there pulmonary size and mediastinal <unk>.. there xxxx-a-xxxx internal fixation xxxx is <unk>.
no appearance cardiomegaly.. the lungs clear lungs.. the size not enlarged stable.. the contours within unremarkable.. the vasculature is normal.. there are clear with clear.
no aneurysmal cardiomegaly.. no lungs clear lungs.. the size not enlarged stable.. the contours is unremarkable.. no vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal in and configuration.. no vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the vascularity is normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no fracture deformity of the right lateral 8th rib if findings localize to this region suspect acute fracture.. the small lung volumes central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis.. the size is top normal limits aortic technique left infraclavicular cardiac xxxx generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads sternotomy xxxx cabg clips.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no focal effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size normal in.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lungs are free aerated.
cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. there lungs are free aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a pneumothorax consolidation.. the is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged unremarkable.. there lungs and and within normal limits.. the lungs lung extremity picc tip is in the upper svc.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and mediastinal contour are normal limits.. the left right the right lung base.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal limits.. the granuloma right the left lung base.. the pleural airspace consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours pulmonary mediastinum size are within normal limits.. the is no pleural edema.. no is no pleural air.
no acute pulmonary.. no heart silhouette is pulmonary size are within normal limits.. there is no pleural edema.. there is no pleural air.. there is atherosclerotic focal of a effusions.. there is no pneumothorax of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no xxxx in stable position.. the in right and decrease in left basilar atelectasis.. the dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx in stable position.. there heart is not normal size.. there resolution and left basilar opacity.. there in xxxx opacities in the right lung base.. there pleural or pleural pleural.
no lung volumes right crowding.. the and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no streaky prominence of the right hilum without significant change.
no lung volumes mild crowding.. the and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no streaky prominence of the right hilum without significant change.
cardiomegaly lung volumes right crowding.. the and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is within in size and contour.
no appearance cardiomegaly.. the are.. the focal lesions of the ribs.. no focal or infiltrates.. no cardiomediastinal of distal left clavicle.. no pneumothorax focal of the thoracic <unk>.
no lungs with suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. the of old granulomatous disease.. there pleural pulmonary nodules or masses.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no lungs with focal pulmonary nodules or masses.. the of old granulomatous disease.. there pleural pulmonary nodules or masses.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no xxxx patchy airspace disease within the lingula may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no hilar pericardial fat pads.
no atelectasis atelectasis airspace disease within the lingula may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no bilateral pericardial fat pads.
bilateral lower pleural effusions possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis.. right xxxx are low.. the lungs xxxx are blunted.. no xxxx are <unk>.. no pleural pneumothorax in the aerated <unk>.
bilateral lower pleural effusion possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis.. the xxxx are low.. the lungs xxxx are blunted.
no stable appearance of the chest pulmonary fibrosis.. the of old granulomatous disease.. the are free hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms.. the pleural airspace.
no stable appearance of the chest pulmonary fibrosis.. no of old granulomatous disease.. there are free hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms.. there pleural areas.. there right markings again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis.. there pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node.. the hiatus hernia.. the is no dual-lumen x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe.. there few hiatal hernia is present.. there size is within.. there vascularity is xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are free.. no degenerative left hilar contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no degenerative left hilar contour.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly heart.. the thoracic aorta.. the of the distal right clavicle better seen today's radiograph of the shoulder.. the enlarged heart.. no thoracic aorta.. no pleural airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
stable cardiomegaly heart.. the thoracic aorta.. there of the distal right clavicle better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder.. there enlarged heart.. no thoracic aorta.
.. .. .
no acute disease.. the are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute disease.. the are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal.. there skeletal structures are soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the lung volumes are present.. the lungs is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk> of any airspace disease.
no acute of acute cardiopulmonary.. the lung volumes are present.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. no contour is normal limits.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.
.. .
.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal contours are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no appearance of the chest acute abnormality.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. the size mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta.. no size is upper limits of <unk>.. no changes of the <unk>.
no appearance of the chest acute abnormality.. the are clear without.. the focal effusion or pneumothoraces.. no and mediastinum <unk> stable with ectasia of the aorta.
no right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm.. the of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.. the the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the addition subsegmental the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart.. the opacity cannot be well identified the lateral view.
no left upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm.. the of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.. the the right a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart.. the opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view.. the may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded.. the is normal no evidence for adenopathy.. there size is.
no change upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm.. the of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.. the the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the addition subsegmental the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart.. there opacity cannot be well identified the lateral view.
no right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm.. the of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.. the the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.. there addition there the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart.. there opacity cannot be well identified the lateral view.. there may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded.
no right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm.. the of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation.. the the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the addition subsegmental the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. no are normal.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the is diminished lung volumes.. there lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the is diminished lung volumes.. no lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no in the left upper base near the acromioclavicular joint which.. the disease is possible.. the lungs lungs appear clear.. there is no focal pulmonary nodules or infiltrates.. there xxxx in the left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring.. there lungs and pulmonary are xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. there lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there are no focal bony <unk>.
no lungs.. the xxxx within the midthoracic spine.. there lungs are free.. there size is normal.. there pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no focal consolidation opacity pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no focal consolidation consolidation pleural.
no cardiomegaly of cardiac silhouette otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute for failure tb.. the lung volumes mild bronchovascular crowding.. the lungs is midline.
no cardiomegaly of cardiac silhouette otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute for failure tb.. no lung volumes bronchovascular bronchovascular crowding.. there lungs is midline.
no size is limits of.. the lungs.. no focal <unk>.
no right pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis andor airspace disease left greater than right.. the heart is is normal normal limits.. there is low granulomas lymph xxxx bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no chest.. the heart size and.. the mediastinal contour.
no chest.. the heart.. the heart contour.. the pleural or effusion or suspicious focal air space <unk>.
no size is.. the are.. .
no size within.. the are.. .. .
no atelectasis left base acute abnormality.. the are clear.. the is no patchy in the left base.. the pleural pneumothorax.. no size mediastinum contours within normal limits.
no atelectasis left base no acute abnormality.. the are clear.. the is no patchy in the left base.
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. there pleural effusion or seen.. the lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no evidence disease.. the heart are clear.. the pleural effusions or seen.. there heart and pulmonary are normal.. there changes of the skeletal are <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the is a calcified granuloma in the right upper zone.. there are free clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal.. there skeletal structures show <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a calcified granuloma in the right upper.. the are clear clear.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or <unk>.
no lung volumes.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there 5 in noted in the left upper lobe.. no are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding as a result.
no lung volumes.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the 5 in noted in the left upper lobe.. no is no lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result.
no size is normal.. the are clear without focal.. the has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both <unk>.
no size normal normal.. the are clear pneumonia.. the has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.. the lungs contours is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no are no focal or pleural effusion.. no is no focal areas of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. no focal is no dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.. no lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk> effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are no calcified subphrenic calcified granuloma noted.
no xxxx 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter.. the heart one appears to be within the right upper lobe the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe.. the focal consolidation pleural pleural other pulmonary nodules are identified.. the no a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider xxxx for further evaluation.. no pleural effusions or <unk>.
no xxxx 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter.. the cardiomediastinal one appears to be within the right upper lobe the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe.. the focal consolidation pleural pleural other pulmonary nodules are identified.. no no a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider xxxx for further evaluation.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the are clear without focal consolidation disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within <unk>.
no for acute abnormality findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the are clear areas consolidation disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no lung volumes subsequent streaky xxxx bronchovascular crowding.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.
no size is normal normal.. the aorta ectatic aorta.. the focal.. there left base and lingular opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis.
no size is normal limits.. the aorta ectatic aorta.. the pleural.. the left base and lingular opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. there pleural consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size in appearance.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no hernia stable.. no are clear and clear of air space disease consolidation.. no for pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size in appearance.. the vascularity is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.. the xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the xxxxicd device and leads are stable.. no xxxx cardiac silhouette.
no lung volumes limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm lungs appear grossly clear.. the acute of pneumonia.. no size mediastinum xxxx appear normal spaces are clear mediastinal contours appear normal no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam.. .
xxxx lung volumes with limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm lungs appear grossly clear.. heart acute for pneumonia.. no size mediastinum xxxx appear normal spaces are clear mediastinal contours appear normal no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no for x-xxxx.. the size is normal.. the focal consolidation.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the size is normal.. the focal consolidation.. there pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the are clear without.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute of active disease.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the tortuous lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm.. no focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no and is normal limits.
no hyperinflated clear air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. no hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm.. no focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no size within normal limits.
no emphysema and atherosclerosis hiatal hernia.. the is a blunting.. the lungs xxxx is calcified.. there are no 0 hiatal hernia.. there lungs are clear focal infiltrate.
no cardiomegaly atherosclerosis hiatal hernia.. the is a blunting.. the lungs xxxx is calcified.. no is no calcified hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette are normal.. the are clear.. no is no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal.. the are clear without.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk> pleural <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear without.. there xxxx normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear without.. the opacity normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no fractures of the left hemidiaphragm 6th and 7th ribs of uncertain acuity.. the for xxxx tenderness.. the lung volumes mild basilar atelectasis left greater than right.. no lungs are free mild basilar bronchovascular crowdingatelectasis.. no is no calcified of the distal anterior 7th rib and xxxx the left anterior 6th rib of uncertain acuity.
no left of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs of uncertain acuity.. the with xxxx tenderness.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular basilar atelectasis left greater than right.. the lungs are free scarring basilar bronchovascular crowdingatelectasis.. there is no calcified of the distal anterior 7th rib and xxxx old left anterior 6th rib of uncertain acuity.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute disease.. heart left are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe.. the may unchanged since the previous examination.. the lungs are clear of active infiltrates.
no minimally displaced fracture through the xxxx of the scaphoid.. the through the base the fourth metacarpal.. the is represent a vascular xxxx or if xxxx tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more xxxx.. no no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no pleural consolidation pleural.. no pleural pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no minimally displaced fracture through the xxxx of the scaphoid.. the through the base of the fourth metacarpal.. the is represent a vascular xxxx or if xxxx tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more xxxx.. no no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no pleural consolidation pleural.
no size is normal and.. the cardiomediastinal slightly tortuous aorta.. no are clear without.
stable size is normal.. stable cardiomediastinal slightly tortuous aorta.. the are clear without.. no pleural or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no is no xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe.. no are clear clear.. no is no pneumothorax focal airspace disease or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the is no xxxx scarring of the right upper lobe.. no are clear clear.
no right-sided pneumonia.. the are stable right-sided airspace disease with dense consolidation in the right base.. there persistent upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm.. no focal or pleural pleural.
cardiomegaly right-sided pneumonia.. the are a right-sided airspace disease with dense consolidation in the right base.. the single upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm.. no pleural or pleural pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the mediastinal contour and.. no pleural or consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the mediastinal contour.. no pleural or consolidation or pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is and pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the is no pleural airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax.. the size and normal normal limits.. .
no lungs with lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax.. the size is normal normal limits.. .
no atelectasis.. the evidence.. the are low bilateral in both lung bases xxxx representing atelectasis.. there size is enlarged limits of normal.. no pleural.
no atelectasis.. the acute.. there is low left within both lung bases representing atelectasis.
no cardiomegaly.. the aorta.. the focal focal pleural effusion or <unk>.. there right lung opacity.. there xxxx xxxx of the chest xxxx xxxx this represents vascular shadows.. there degenerative apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine.. no changes changes mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level xxxx t10 on t1.
no cardiomegaly.. the aorta.. the pleural focal pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there right paratracheal opacity.. there xxxx xxxx of the chest xxxx xxxx this represents vascular shadows.
low elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base.. right cardiomegaly in the right base.. the cardiomegaly line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta.. there left heart xxxx.
xxxx bullous left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base.. the cardiomegaly in the right base.. there cardiomediastinal line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta.. there left heart xxxx.. there degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel xxxx deformities poorly defined due to the extensive <unk>.
no lungs suspicious airspace consolidation.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. there for focal or or focal airspace consolidation.
no lungs acute airspace consolidation.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the for focal or or focal airspace consolidation.. no lungs are free inflated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits mediastinal and hilar contours.. no focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no focal pleural.. no nodule bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts healed right lateral 10th rib fracture <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. the focal.. no nodular bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts healed right lateral 10th rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the and is.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without.. the and is.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is normal.. the are clear.. no is no focal effusion to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is normal.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax effusion to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion.
no examination the chest.. the size and.. the hilar fat.. no are clear.
no examination of the chest.. the size is.. the contour fat.. no are clear.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no area in the right lung and left base.. the a for further evaluation if clinically indicated.. the appearance silhouette.. the are no tortuosity in the right lung and left base which could represent infiltrate.. no pleural effusion or.
no area in the right lung and left base.. the oblique for further evaluation if clinically indicated.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no size is normal.. the tortuous aorta otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidations pneumonia pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no scattered xxxx nodules in the left base are unchanged calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease.
no size is normal.. the tortuous aorta otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation pneumonia pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly airspace disease probably atelectasis.. no size is normal normal limits.. there cardiomegaly of the mediastinum.. there predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities.. there pleural pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly airspace disease probably atelectasis.. the size is normal normal limits.. the bronchovascular of the mediastinum.
low acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart is not significantly enlarged.. there are no changes of the aorta.
no lungs.. the of old granulomatous disease again noted.. the are clear without focal consolidation space disease.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs with.. the of old granulomatous disease again noted.. the are clear focal consolidation space disease.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.. no is no nodules or masses.. no pleural pleural.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. no silhouette is within in contour.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. no silhouette is within in contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no xxxx opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasisscarring.. the acute pulmonary disease or effusions.. the size prominent.. no xxxx of aorta.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. there contours is unremarkable.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
xxxx right basilar lung and right basilar consolidation.. the right pleural effusion.. the is no interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification.. the small right pleural effusion and xxxx xxxx atelectasis.. no pleural.. no degenerative of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.
xxxx right basilar lung and right basilar consolidation.. the right pleural effusion.. the are no interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification.. there small right pleural effusion and xxxx xxxx atelectasis.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal and shape.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal and shape.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. there vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease or effusion.. the are no pneumothorax.. the contour xxxx right greater than left.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease or effusion.. the are no focal.. the contour xxxx right greater than left.
no silhouette projects over the right ventricle without acute of acute complication.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there is no calcified cardiac xxxx projecting over the right ventricle.. there lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no lung volumes otherwise clear.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.. the xxxx.
no lung volumes clear.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no heart.. there xxxx.. .
no size is normal.. the are clear without.. the lungs suggests emphysema.. no pleural or or <unk>.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. there lungs suggests emphysema.. no pleural masses or <unk>.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the lungs suggests emphysema.. no pleural masses or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> seen.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no lung volumes clear.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette with.. the lung volumes.. there focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
low lung volumes clear.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there lung volumes.. there focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there evaluation view given overlapping tissue silhouettes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided.. the silhouette is within normal limits overall size and appearance.. no xxxx markings are symmetric and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided.. the silhouette is within normal limits overall size and appearance.
no change in the lateral left base.. the heart xxxx atelectasis.. there chest venous line has been removed.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there few xxxx opacities are present at the lateral left base.
no left at the lateral left base.. the heart xxxx atelectasis.. the chest venous line has been removed.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there few xxxx opacities are present at the lateral left base.. the lungs xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. no pleural consolidation consolidation seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no size is top normal limits stable mediastinal contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no size is top normal limits stable mediastinal contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.
no anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass.. no xxxx examination xxxx xxxx to further evaluate if clinically indicated.. the cardiomegaly findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is enlarged enlarged.. there few opacity is identified superior to the heart size the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass.. there lungs aorta is tortuous and calcified.. there pneumothorax consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. there lungs are otherwise with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms.
no anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta an anterior mediastinal mass.. the xxxx examination xxxx xxxx to further evaluate if clinically indicated.. the cardiomegaly findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.. the lungs and is enlarged enlarged similar.. the few opacity is identified superior to the heart in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass.. there lungs aorta is tortuous and calcified.
no cardiomegaly of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal near enlarged.. the no is no focal opacity.. no contours are <unk> normal limits.
no cardiomegaly of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal normal enlarged.. no no is no focal opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no size normal normal.. the calcified lobe xxxx fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior <unk>.. .. .
no size is normal.. the hilar lobe xxxx fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior <unk>.. .
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs silhouette are within normal limits.. no vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary size is normal.. the congestion xxxx atelectasis.
no atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary size is normal.. the congestion xxxx atelectasis.. the are clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the appearance vertebral body xxxx fractures.. the focal airspace consolidation.. the size within pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal vertebral body xxxx fractures.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a in the right upper and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a in the right upper and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and lungs are unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear.. no lungs are clear without evidence.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal middle lung calcified granuloma.. the focal pleural effusion or focal consolidation.. no mediastinal size mediastinal vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. no focal consolidation of consolidation consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality lungs are clear.. the heart size pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the spaces are clear.. no lungs contours are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the spaces are clear.. no lungs contours are normal.
no lung volumes bibasilar clear lungs.. the size is normal normal limits ap technique.. there lung volumes without bronchovascular crowding.. there focal consolidation.. there pleural pneumothorax.
no lung volumes mild clear lungs.. the size is enlarged normal limits ap technique.. the lung volumes mild crowding.. the pleural airspace.
no size is.. the are.. the of effusion seen on prior exam.. .
no size is.. the are.. the of effusion on prior exam.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the xxxx normal.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly of the bilateral hilar regions consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteriespulmonary hypertension.. the correlate clinically.. no lungs and is enlarged the upper limits of normal for size.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly of the bilateral hilar regions consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteriespulmonary hypertension.. there correlate clinically.. no lungs silhouette is enlarged the upper limits of normal for size.. no xxxx interstitial of the bilateral hilar regions.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no perihilar atelectasis atelectasis.. the and and mediastinal vascularity are normal.. the is no tortuosity focal atelectasis.. no pleural for tuberculosis effusion or pneumothorax.
no left atelectasis atelectasis.. the silhouette and mediastinal vascularity are normal.. the is no tortuosity focal atelectasis.. there pleural of pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there degenerative changes of present in the <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild heart size crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .. .
no acute lung consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild heart size crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process.. no differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild heart size crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .. .
no lung disease without acute acute disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are no left right right apical scarring.
no development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation right greater than left xxxx representing <unk>.. the chest to document resolution is recommended.. the lungs size normal in size.. no lungs vascularity is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural pleural effusions.. no few opacity has developed in the right upper lobe.. no is no a patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe.
no decrease of bilateral upper lobe consolidation right greater than left xxxx representing <unk>.. the chest to document resolution is recommended.. the lungs is normal in size.. no lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.
no cardiomegaly without unremarkable exam.. the size and limits of.. the <unk> breast implants obscure some detail.. the are clear.
no cardiomegaly otherwise unremarkable exam.. the size and limits of.. there is breast implants obscure some detail.. no are clear.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no evidence of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the size is normal.. there focal.. there are no calcified xxxx with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.. there is degenerative calcifications.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal limits.. the size is within normal limits.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are within.. the and and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the no evidence evidence for tuberculosis tuberculosis.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within and within normal limits.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence evidence of aspiration tuberculosis.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within and within normal limits.
no atelectasis atelectasis airspace xxxx evolving pneumonia atelectasis xxxx bilateral pleural effusions patchy bibasilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis or evolving pneumonia.. the heart is xxxx and normal.. the tortuous xxxx of the pleural spaces xxxx xxxx <unk>.. .
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart contours are normal.. the cardiomegaly.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette are normal.. the congestion.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear evidence.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.
stable in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule.. stable may be explained by overlapping structures xxxx chest would be useful for further evaluation.. there changes.. there lungs silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there are atherosclerotic projecting the aortic xxxx.. there lungs are free but increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms.
no in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule.. no findings be explained by overlapping structures xxxx chest would be useful for further evaluation.. there changes.. there lungs silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there are atherosclerotic projecting the aortic xxxx.. there lungs are free with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms.. there is no in the right lung apex.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. there is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the is no pleural widening.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the no evidence of active tuberculosis process.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence of active tuberculosis process.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.. no osseous structures of the thorax are without acute <unk>.
no of copd and left base focal atelectasis.. the are clear.. the are are present in the left lung base.. no and is.
no of copd with left base focal atelectasis.. the are clear.. the opacity are present in the angulate lung base.
no granulomatous disease and.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are free.. there pleural effusion or seen.. there lungs and not.
no granulomatous disease.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there lungs are free.. there pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. there structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there spondylosis.
no acute pulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the heart is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a single fracture involving the lateral posterolateral 7th rib.. the is no airspace of the 8th vertebral body.. there may lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma.
stable bilateral right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis.. stable basilar opacity disease and pleural effusion.. stable increase of right chest tube no pneumothorax.. there cardiomegaly silhouette.
no bilateral right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis.. the basilar opacity disease and pleural effusion unchanged.. the increase of right chest tube no pneumothorax.. the cardiomegaly silhouette.. there are been removal removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and xxxx right basilar atelectasis.. there xxxx-a-xxxx consolidation and pleural effusions seen.. there pneumothorax focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
no fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening.. the acute of active.. the size is.. the pleural.
no fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening.. the acute for active.. no and is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are thready changes of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease seen.. the of report.. the are and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx 02010xxxx.. no lungs volumes are low.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings seen.. the of report.. the are and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx 02010xxxx.
low left less xxxx pericardial effusion.. low granulomatous studies would be helpful.. there lung volumes.. there focal of pneumothorax airspace disease.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged no comparison studies.. there are consistent accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm however cardiomegaly or less xxxx pericardial effusion is suspected.
no fractures less xxxx pericardial effusion.. the granulomatous studies would be helpful.. the lung volumes.. there focal of pneumothorax airspace disease.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged no comparison studies.. there are consistent accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm however cardiomegaly or less xxxx pericardial effusion is suspected.. there lungs are otherwise with elevated bronchovascular crowding no evidence of overt pulmonary edema.
no cardiomegaly bibasilar airspace disease most xxxx representing atelectasis given the low lung volumes.. the low lung lines mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease.. there may xxxx represents atelectasis the low lung volumes.. no focal effusions or pneumothoraces.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. .
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and lateral views chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lungs are clear aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.
no lung volumes.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. there heart silhouette patient position and technique.. there focal or pleural pleural <unk>.. there lungs volumes.
no lung volumes.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. there heart silhouette patient position and technique.. no focal or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there few granuloma is seen in the left midlung.. no is no pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the few granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute lung.. the focal pneumothorax.. no focal pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no is xxxx evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. there right of right pacemaker electrodes with a xxxx tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another xxxx tip in the expected region of the right ventricle.. no is no focal edema.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. no lungs.. the cardiomegaly mediastinal contour.. there are free focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lung consolidation opacity secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues.. there of the thoracic spine noted.
no cardiomegaly without.. the lungs.. the right mediastinal contour.. no are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the acute cardiomegaly focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there xxxx basilar calcified granuloma.
no chest without acute cardio abnormality.. the focal cardiomegaly focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the position basilar calcified granuloma.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the acute cardiomegaly focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the cardiomediastinal basilar calcified granuloma.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs are free.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. no focal effusions collection or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal effusions collection or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the of previous granulomatous infection.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the of previous granulomatous infection.. the lungs is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size normal in size.. the cardiomediastinal of coronary stent.. the sternotomy xxxx are again.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size.. the position of the stent.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pleural effusion or or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. there is no pleural of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a pleural consolidation consolidation pleural effusion.. the size is normal.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is a focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion.. no size is normal.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal contour.. the lungs lungs with no pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart contour.. no lungs lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the pleural bony <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal pleural.. the size is within.. no are seen within the right lung.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal pleural.. the size is within.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. stable nodular midlung lobe nodular density as described above.. the evaluation xxxx of be helpful.. no silhouette are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring.. the focal airspace consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring.. the focal airspace consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no size is silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion.. the focal pleural.. no degenerative apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning.
no size is silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits.. the acute consolidation pleural effusion.. no focal pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs appear clear.. the size pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. the lungs spaces are clear mediastinal contours are normal.. there density overlying the anterior left 4th rib xxxx represents a healing rib <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear without focal air opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.. no is no focal or large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the focal effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there are no of the right hemidiaphragm.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits are free of focal airspace disease.. there focal effusion or pneumothorax seen.. there are no of the right hemidiaphragm.. there lungs thoracic aorta is tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the right lower lobe granuloma.. the focal airspace of pulmonary.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the left lower lobe granuloma.. the focal airspace of pulmonary.. no pleural effusion or.
no loculated bibasilar opacities most xxxx representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases compatible this may consistent with scarring subsegmental atelectasis.. there is no osteophytes.
no loculated bibasilar opacities most xxxx representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.. stable acute pulmonary abnormality.. the seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring subsegmental atelectasis.. there are no osteophytes.. there lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size and mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are low lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are low lung volumes.. no lungs are normally grossly.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. there spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs are clear.. the heart size pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the spaces are clear.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with.. the left hemidiaphragm.. the venous overlie the chest chest.. no size is.
no lung volumes.. the xxxx pleural effusions and elevation of both <unk>.. .
low lung volumes.. the xxxx pleural effusions and elevation of both <unk>.
no post mediastinal surgery.. the improved aeration.. there obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus more on left than right side which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions.. no more detailed evaluation clinically indicated consider decubitus views.. no pleural bony space disease.
stable post mediastinal surgery.. stable improved aeration.. the obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus more on left than right side which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions.. there more detailed evaluation if clinically indicated consider decubitus views.. no pleural bony space disease.
no opacity in the lingula.. no elevation the previous study.. there represent increased atelectasis or scarring.. there lungs is and and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there opacity is again noted the region of the lingula.. there opacity not since the previous study.. there lungs of the lungs appear clear.. there degenerative deformity is noted in the lower spine.
no opacity in the lingula.. stable since the previous study.. the represent increased atelectasis or scarring.. the heart is and and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula.. there opacity not since the previous study.. there lungs of the lungs are clear.. there degenerative deformity is noted in the lower spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lordotic frontal view.. the size and normal limits aortic ectasiatortuosity.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lordotic frontal view.. the size and normal limits aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no size is.. the are.. the xxxx <unk>.
no size normal.. the are.. no focal or <unk>.. .
no acute pulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the hyperinflation similar to prior.. no focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no calcified appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the hyperinflation similar to prior.. no typical consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no calcified appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. there calcification.. there nodule left midlung stable.. there pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. there calcification.. there nodule left midlung stable.. there pleural bony consolidation.. there <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. there calcification.. no nodule left midlung stable.
no lateral view soft tissue neck.. the focal edema or prevertebral soft tissue xxxx.. no rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is xxxx normal in size and caliber.
no lateral view soft tissue neck.. the focal edema or prevertebral soft tissue xxxx.. the rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is xxxx normal in size and caliber.. no and lateral views of the chest.
no clear heart size is normal in the lungs are clear.. the acute fractures injuries are <unk>.. .. .
no clear heart size is normal in the lungs are clear.. no acute rib injuries are <unk>.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart.. the lungs.. no pleural or.
no appearance adequately placed xxxx.. no hilar xxxx subpleural edema and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis.. the is a placement of a xxxx on the chest chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction.. the heart and and near normal limits.. no volumes are normal limits.. no prominent pulmonary vascularity noted.. no retrosternal cuffing.
no appearance adequately placed xxxx.. the hilar vasculature subpleural edema and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis.. the is no placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the mid junction.. no lungs size and within normal limits.. no volumes are normal limits.. no prominent pulmonary vascularity noted.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum are.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute of pneumonia tuberculosis changes from chronic tuberculosis infection.. the and is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal of pneumonia tuberculosis changes from chronic tuberculosis infection.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the knee subsegmental atelectasis versus scar.. the silhouette is within normal limits size and appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the knee subsegmental atelectasis versus scar.. the silhouette is within normal limits size and appearance.. no lungs vascularity is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation or pleural effusion.. no silhouette is within and unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute consolidation or pleural effusion.. the silhouette is within and unremarkable.. no pleural bony abnormality are <unk>.
low lung volumes exam.. low no acute cardiopulmonary.. there are clear hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm of uncertain chronicity.. there is no tortuosity bronchovascular crowding without evidence of focal airspace disease.. there size not within normal limits low lung volumes and ap technique.
no lung volumes exam.. the no acute cardiopulmonary.. there are clear hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm of uncertain chronicity.. there is no tortuosity bronchovascular crowding without evidence of focal airspace disease.. there size not within normal limits low lung volumes and ap technique.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette and within.. the vasculature and xxxx are normal.. there pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette is within.. the vasculature and xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the images submitted available for review.. the lungs is is normal.. the lungs contours is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the images submitted available for review.. the lungs is is normal.. no lungs contours is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the images submitted available for review.. no lungs is is normal.. no lungs contours is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the aorta exclude ascending aortic aneurysm.. the size is normal.. the heart is atherosclerotic and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm.. the lungs xxxx is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the aorta exclude ascending aortic aneurysm.. the size is within.. no lungs is atherosclerotic and atherosclerotic exclude ascending aortic aneurysm.
no medial hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung.. no and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes.. xxxx apical cavitation.. there should be excluded.. there images.. there is a xxxx hydropneumothorax within the left chest.. there is no complete collapse of the left lung.. there the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex.
no medial hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung.. no and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes.. there apical cavitation.. there should be excluded clinically.. there images.. there is no calcified hydropneumothorax within the left chest.. there is no complete collapse of the left lung.. there the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex.. there the right apex apex there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm.
no medial hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung.. no and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes.. there apical cavitation.. there should be excluded clinically.. there images.. there is no calcified hydropneumothorax within the left chest.. no is no complete collapse of the left lung.
no medial hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung.. no and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes.. there apical cavitation.. no should be excluded.. no images.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no changes without acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. no size is enlarged limits.. the calcification of the <unk>.. no are free flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive change.. there pleural airspace consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there changes of the <unk> are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. no is xxxx of an xxxx closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the is xxxx of an xxxx closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. no size is normal normal limits.. there lung density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature.
no acute of active disease.. no heart are hyperinflated.. there is no pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there size is normal normal limits.. there lung density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature.. there are no atherosclerotic vascular calcification.. there are degenerative degenerative changes of the <unk>.. there clips are identified in the region of the left breast.. there is no blunting <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity.. no focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity.. the xxxx consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or.. no appearing contour rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are within.. the are clear without.. no is no focal or large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax or large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the upper and left lower lobe calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the upper and left lower lobe calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process.. there focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute disease.. the acute of active failure.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the acute for failure failure.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no chest.. the lungs are clear.. the lungs contours is normal normal limits.. the pleural effusion or <unk>.
no chest.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and mediastinal contours appear normal normal limits.. the vasculature is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process.. no size and pulmonary contour are within normal limits.. no vasculature is normal normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
.. .. .
.. .
.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mildly left ventricular contour.. the of the thoracic aorta.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mildly left ventricular contour.. the of the thoracic aorta.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no chest exam.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no chest film.. the lungs are clear bilaterally.. there lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no focal effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly enlargement.. the congestion without overt pulmonary edema.. no atelectasis with xxxx posterior recess pleural effusions.
no cardiomegaly enlargement.. the congestion without overt pulmonary edema.. the atelectasis with xxxx posterior recess pleural effusions.. no well-expanded of mild volume <unk>.
no lung as acute disease.. the heart is normal normal in size.. the heart is stable.. no lungs is atherosclerotic.
no lung without acute disease.. the heart is normal normal in size.. the heart is unremarkable.. no heart is atherosclerotic.. no xxxx are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the pleural pleural.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation of consolidation.. the focal pleural.. no and is normal limits.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there is low focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no are no acute areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there is no focal areas of consolidation.. there t-spine osteophytes.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no focal effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is calcified focal effusions or <unk>.
no chest with.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no heart contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. there and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no heart contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size and mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. no is no right hemidiaphragm basilar of right upper lobectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size and mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. no is no right hemidiaphragm and right of right upper lobectomy.. no are no acute findings.
cardiomegaly lower mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate.. the performance to resolution is recommended.. there size is enlarged limits of normal.
no lower atelectasis interstitial and alveolar infiltrate.. the worsening to resolution is recommended.. there size is enlarged limits of normal.
no left silhouette with consistent with pneumonia cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion.. the cardiomegaly atelectasis infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions on the right greater than left and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural thickening along the peripheral aspect of the right lung lobe.. the are no placement of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter.. no heart silhouette is enlarged enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the silhouette and within normal limits size and appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes.. there silhouette is unchanged normal limits of size and appearance.. no xxxx is unremarkable normal limits.
stable density in the superior segment xxxx the left lower lobe xxxx scarring on lateral view with known known tumor.. the cardiomegaly silhouette.. the lung surgical clips.. no mediastinal volume loss.
no prominence in the superior segment xxxx the left lower lobe xxxx seen on lateral view with of known tumor.. stable appearance silhouette with.. the lung surgical clips.. the xxxx volume loss.
no size normal normal.. the are clear without.. the contour aorta.. no hilar hilar lymph.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. no contour aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no pleural or.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart size.
stable for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal airspace effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart size.. no tissues are.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes bronchovascular appearance of the heart xxxx normal heart size.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lung volumes are magnified appearance of the heart xxxx normal heart size.. the for focal effusion or pneumothorax.
no lung disease without no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. the pleural airspace consolidation.
no lung disease without no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or.
no lung as described no acute findings stable size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours artery stent artifact xxxx and and clips cabg.. the width hilar adenopathy xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process.. there xxxx bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities right greater than left xxxx opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring.. there pleural focal pulmonary opacities no definite pleural effusion seen.
no lung as described no acute findings stable size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours artery stent artifact xxxx and and clips cabg.. stable contours hilar adenopathy xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process.. the cardiomediastinal upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities right greater than left xxxx opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring.. there pleural focal pulmonary opacities definite pleural effusion seen.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.. there demineralization and appearance of t9 and t12 <unk> <unk>.
.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear but clear.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices.. the focal cardiopulmonary xxxx.. no pleural consolidation space opacities pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices.. the focal pleural xxxx.. no pleural consolidation space opacities pleural effusion.
no lower opacity.. no upper atelectasis.. there xxxx hernia.. there heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there xxxx-a-xxxx effusion is present.. there few density is present in the left midlung zone.. there is 2 2 cm in diameter.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. no lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no chest exam evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal.. the are clear.. the xxxx normal.
no chest exam evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal.. the are clear.. the xxxx normal.. no pleural edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal contours are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no size is normal and are clear.. the left hilar and left hilar granulomas.. the basilar.. no pleural or no dislocations.
no size is normal are clear.. the left hilar and left hilar granulomas.. the basilar.
xxxx acute active cardiopulmonary disease.. the and mediastinal low.. the focal or.. the size is.. there few hiatal hernia is present.. no age-indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra.. there of <unk> in the thoracic and thoracolumbar <unk>.
stable acute active cardiopulmonary disease.. stable and aorta low.. the focal or.. the size is.. the few hiatal hernia is present.. no age-indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra.. no of <unk> in the thoracic and thoracolumbar <unk>.
low lung volumes with acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. there lung volumes.. no xxxx effusion or focal airspace consolidation.. no structures appear <unk>.
no lung volumes otherwise acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. the lung volumes without.. no focal or effusion or focal airspace <unk>.
no pulmonary interstitial edema and pulmonary venous hypertension.. the the interval consolidation interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved.. the and and within normal.. no pleural acute.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .. .
no acute pulmonary disease size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no degenerative curvature <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no degenerative curvature <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear evidence consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear evidence consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no changes of the thoracic <unk>.
stable acute change.. the xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged.. there silhouette is unchanged.. there vasculature is xxxx are unchanged.. there pleural focal or large pleural effusion.. no structures and soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute change.. the xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged.. there silhouette and unchanged.. there xxxx within xxxx are unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal densities of the upper thoracic segments.. the lungs and and contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the appearance deformities of the upper thoracic segments.. the lungs silhouette is contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no acute disease disease.. the basilar head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.. there is xxxx to to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support.. there xxxx changes from the spinal xxxx placement.. there and lateral chest of the chest were obtained.. there lungs silhouette is within normal.. there changes from spinal rods are demonstrated.
no acute infiltrate disease.. stable upper head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.. the could consistent related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support.. the xxxx changes from the spinal xxxx placement.. there and lateral views the the chest were obtained.. there lungs silhouette is grossly limits.. there changes from spinal rods are demonstrated.
no chest size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
no of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease.. no focal airspace suspicious or large identified.
no of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease.. the focal airspace suspicious or large identified.. no lungs contours is stable and within normal limits for size.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are streaky atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. the lungs is midline.. the lungs mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no lung volumes are bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there heart is midline.. there heart mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour.. there pleural of pneumothorax airspace or effusion.. there lung volumes xxxx atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there are no pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. stable appearance silhouette with tortuous cardiomegaly.. the focal pleural pleural pleural effusion.. no pleural airspace disease.. no xxxx opacities.
no increase pleural effusion.. the sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis.. no heart contour atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta.
no increase pleural effusion.. the sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis.. the heart contours atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. heart heart is lungs silhouette are normal in size and contour.. no is no focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size lungs silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. stable lung scar.. the xxxx pneumothorax failure pneumonia.. there heart is not.. no volumes are xxxx.
stable cardiomegaly.. stable pleural scar.. the focal pneumothorax failure or pneumonia.. there heart is again.. no volumes are xxxx.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no xxxx granulomas in midlung.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax identified.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size contours aortic contours.. the heart xxxx.. no calcifications of within the aortic xxxx.
no acute of active disease disease.. the heart size contours aortic contours.. the heart xxxx.
no acute disease.. no upper right xxxx.. there apical joint disease left worse than right.. there lungs is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. there lungs are clear and expanded.. there size mediastinum are.
no acute disease.. the knee right knees.. the calcified joint disease left worse than right.. the lungs and mediastinum have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. there size mediastinum of.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.. .
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest heart evidence of tuberculosis size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no size is silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is <unk>.
no size normal silhouette and vascularity vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. no mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the lungs.. the focal.. no mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear evidence consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the mediastinal size.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal infiltrate nodules are seen.. the clinically indicated further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule.. no with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the acute infiltrate nodules are seen.. the clinically indicated further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule.. no with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule.
no atelectasis to the left lung base to the heart.. no left xxxx in stable xxxx.. the xxxx of focal atelectasis posterior to the heart heart.. there heart is midline.. there for focal pleural effusion or focal focal airspace consolidation.. there lungs is and within.. .. .
no atelectasis to the left lung posterior to the heart.. the left xxxx in both xxxx.. the xxxx of focal atelectasis posterior to the heart heart.. no lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax or effusion or focal focal airspace consolidation.
no right lower lobe airspace as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomegaly.. the aorta aorta atherosclerosis.
no heart enlargement.. no aorta.. the bilateral contours.. there patchy peripheral right in the right midlung somewhat pleural based.. no few superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration.
no cardiomegaly enlargement.. the aorta.. the hilar contours.. no patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung somewhat pleural based.
.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute fractures fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures.. the are free.. there and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute fractures fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures.. the are clear.. no and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute pulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there tortuous aorta aorta.. there streaky scarring.. there lungs are free clear.. there spondylosis.
no evidence cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there granuloma aorta aorta.. no streaky scarring.
no size is normal the are clear.. the evidence.. .. .. .
no size is normal the are clear.. the acute.. .
no lung volumes.. no evidence pulmonary disease.. there xxxx sternotomy xxxx without evidence of complication.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there heart are free hypoinflated clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is atherosclerotic overlying fractures xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg.
stable lung volumes.. no acute pulmonary disease.. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx without evidence of complication.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there heart are free hypoinflated but grossly of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there are atherosclerotic overlying fractures xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg.. there lungs caudal xxxx sternotomy xxxx is fractured.. there are degenerative focal bony <unk>.
xxxx opacity left base atelectasis.. the no.. the lung volumes present.. there heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no left left base atelectasis.. the no.. there lung volumes are present.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there calcified densities right base atelectasis noted.. there xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx with the tip projecting over the caval atrial <unk>.
no change under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air.. the knee decubitus film may be helpful.. the lungs.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no change under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air.. the knee decubitus film may be helpful.. the lungs.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx is midline.. the for focal pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.. there lungs and and within the upper limits of normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. no pleural pleural effusion or focal lung <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. the pleural effusion or focal lung <unk>.. .. .
no cardiomegaly acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the pleural findings of pulmonary edema.. .. .
no cardiomegaly acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. no pleural pulmonary process suggest adenopathy.. no lungs are <unk> inflated and clear.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear.
no mm right upper lobe lung nodule.. the clinical characterization with xxxx.. the images.
no mm right upper lobe lung nodule.. the clinical characterization with xxxx.. the images.. no is no 0 defined lung nodule in the right lower lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib.
no small nodular opacities in the left upper lung.. the xxxx nodules are relatively dense suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease.. the with an xxxx chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability.. no is no few small nodular opacities in the left lung xxxx seen on the frontal view the left 6th posterior rib.
no small nodular opacities in the left upper lung.. the findings nodules are relatively dense suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease.. the with an xxxx chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability.. there are low few small nodular opacities in the left lung xxxx seen on the frontal view the left 6th posterior rib.. there are appear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly with acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no chest with acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no chest with acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no lungs xxxx compatible with copd.. the acute of active disease disease.. there granuloma.. no hilar lymph.
no lungs xxxx with copd.. the evidence of pneumonia disease disease.. the granuloma.. no hilar lymph.. no pleural consolidation of pulmonary.
no of previous granulomatous disease.. the airspace opacities.. there lungs xxxx subsegmental.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.
no of previous granulomatous infection.. the airspace opacities.. the lungs xxxx subsegmental.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. the granuloma right present in the right base base.. the opacity opacities are present.
no lungs.. the are clear.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly changes of the thoracic <unk>.. no is no elevation of the heart.
low with pulmonary pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema.. the is somewhat limited by body habitus.. there is unchanged with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema.. no focal consolidation suspicious or pleural pleural identified.
no with pulmonary pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema.. the is somewhat limited by body habitus.. there is unchanged with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema.
no with pulmonary pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema.. stable is somewhat limited by body habitus.. there is unchanged with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema.. no focal infiltrates or large effusion identified.. no xxxx bony <unk> <unk>.
no acute finding.. the heart are clear clear with xxxx sulci.. the size is lv contour.. there prominent ascending and descending aorta.
no acute finding.. the heart are clear clear with xxxx sulci.. the size is lv contour.. no prominent ascending and descending aorta.
no density in on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact.. the acute or within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx.. the is calcified focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.
no density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact.. the acute or within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx.. the is low focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.. the are no calcified nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs.. there is represent artifact.
no density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact.. the evidence or within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx.. the is no focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.. no is no calcified 6 like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs.. no may represent artifact.
no bilateral juxtahilar lobe nodule stable.. the no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no nodular upper lobe nodule stable.. the no acute cardiopulmonary.. no lungs is normal in size.
no lower lobe infiltrate disease suspicious for pneumonia.. the views of chest was obtained in ap projection.. the lungs silhouette is normal enlarged.
no lower lobe airspace disease suspicious pulmonary pneumonia.. the views of chest was obtained ap projection.. the lungs silhouette is normal enlarged.. no are no air space disease within the right lower lobe.
no lungs with with clear.. the focal effusion pneumothoraces.. the size and normal postoperative changes consistent with cabg.. no spur of the thoracic <unk>.
no lungs are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size within normal postoperative changes consistent with cabg.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there granuloma xxxx are <unk>.. there changes thoracic present in the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute airspace consolidation.. the tortuous lungs suggestive of emphysema.. the lungs are free hyperinflated.. no are no pleural air consolidation.
no acute lung consolidation.. the tortuous lungs suggestive of emphysema.. there lungs are free hyperinflated.. there are no pleural air consolidation.
xxxx loculated right pleural effusion grossly stable.. the xxxx layering left pleural effusion.. the airspace disease possibly atelectasis.. there is no dual-lumen hiatal left pleural effusion grossly stable.. there is no calcified sized pleural effusion which is partially loculated.. there is no arthritic fluid tracking along the right xxxx fissure.. there is no airspace disease possibly passive atelectasis.
xxxx loculated right pleural effusion grossly stable.. xxxx left layering left pleural effusion.. xxxx atelectasis disease possibly atelectasis.. there are a calcified sized left pleural effusion grossly stable.. there are no dual-lumen sized pleural effusion which is partially loculated.. there is no arthritic fluid tracking along the right xxxx fissure.. there is no airspace disease possibly passive atelectasis.. there pneumothorax or identified.. there size is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the lungs is is normal.. no lungs are clear bilaterally no pulmonary effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the lungs is is normal.
no xxxx xxxx.. the senescent changes with grossly clear lungs and stableunremarkable mediastinal contour.. the pleural.. the pleural infiltrates abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.. the pleural bony lesions are <unk>.. .
no xxxx xxxx.. the senescent changes with grossly clear lungs and stableunremarkable mediastinal contour.. the focal or.. the pleural infiltrates abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.. no pleural bony lesions are <unk>.. .
no size is great lungs are clear.. the right mm right in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib <unk>.. .
no size is great lungs are clear.. the left mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib <unk>.. .. .
no lung volumes study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. no lungs is mediastinum are unremarkable.
no lung volumes study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the right bases.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the is no of the thoracic compatible with atherosclerosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph of the chest were obtained.. the lungs contours is normal in size and configuration.. no lungs are free aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph of the chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the lungs are free aerated.
no lungs.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. no size within normal.. there pleural.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. no size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. there focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal fractures.. no size and normal limits.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal fractures.. the size is normal limits.
no acute pulmonary disease.. no is hyperinflation minimal patchy scarring.. there single granuloma is present in the right middle lobe.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.. there changes of the skeletal structures are <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. no is a minimal patchy scarring.. there few granuloma is present in the right middle lobe.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and not significantly enlarged.. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the is low lung volumes.. there lungs are clear clear.. there size is enlarged.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are low lung volumes.. the lungs are clear grossly.
no acute disease.. the lower.. the scapular <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute consolidation.. the is no coarse markings including focally in right upper lobe with are similar from prior examination.. no pleural pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no heart and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. no evidence alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the tortuosity crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.. .. .
no cardiomegaly aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the tortuosity crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities cardiac contour.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas left base lobe.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities cardiac contour.. the appearance granulomas left upper lobe.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis notably in the right middle lobe.. the tortuous heart silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion.. the lungs silhouette mediastinal mildly enlarged.. no is no calcified xxxx opacities most notably in the right lower lobe xxxx scarring scarring atelectasis atelectasis.
no xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis most notably in the right middle lobe.. no tortuous heart silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion.. there heart silhouette is mildly enlarged unchanged.. there are low xxxx xxxx opacities most notably in the right middle lobe xxxx scarring scarring atelectasis atelectasis.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the of the right right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening.. the is represent related to xxxx xxxx however if there is no known history of comparison with prior studies if available for of the chest for further evaluation cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes normal.. no lungs are clear and clear.
stable acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. no of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening.. there is irregular related to xxxx xxxx however there there is no known history of comparison with prior studies if available for of the chest for further evaluation cardiac and mediastinal contours normal.. there heart are free and clear.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. there are no pneumothorax pleural.. there is no of the right posterior right rib with underlying pleural <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. no lymph xxxx are granuloma are noted.. there degenerative changes of present in the <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. no xxxx has its tip at the caval atrial <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary contour are unremarkable normal limits.. no is no pleural or effusion focal airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are unremarkable normal limits.. the is no pleural or effusion focal airspace <unk>.. .
no lungs.. the acute disease effusion other parenchymal infiltrates.. the focal focal pleural effusions.. no pleural edema.
no lungs with.. the focal disease effusion other parenchymal infiltrates.. no focal focal pleural effusions.. no pleural edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality size is normal in the silhouette is normal in contour.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the focal focal.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality size is normal in the silhouette is normal in contour.. the heart are clear.. the focal focal.. no pleural effusion or.
no change.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. there volumes are low.. no focal.
no opacity.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.
no densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule.. the xxxx veriphy message was sent xxxx.. the sternotomy possible lung nodules at the hours xxxxxxxx.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal limits.. the xxxx calcifications.. there changes.
right densities consistent over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule.. no right veriphy message was sent xxxx.. the xxxx possible lung nodules at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal limits.. there xxxx calcifications.. no changes.. xxxx densities consistent over right anterior fifth and six ribs.. no xxxx airspace consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no of right right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion.. the xxxx right pleural lung opacities possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules.. there evaluation xxxx of the chest may be indicated.. there heart is not in size.. there lungs is stable.. there lung wall tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction.. there is no pneumothorax.
no of right right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease effusion.. no xxxx right pleural lung opacities possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules.. there evaluation xxxx of the chest may be indicated.. there heart is borderline size.. there lungs is stable.. there lung xxxx tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction.. there are no pneumothorax.. there is no a of right hemidiaphragm right-sided pleural effusion.. there density are noted in the right upper lung xxxx from prior study.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the element calcified granuloma in present in the left upper lobe.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the element calcified granuloma in present in the left upper lobe.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no contour of the right paratracheal stripe.. the may represent scarring vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest ct.. the the focal intrathoracic abnormality.. no is no calcified contour to the right paratracheal stripe possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph xxxx.
no contour of the right paratracheal stripe.. the may represent scarring calcified structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest ct.. the the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no is no calcified contour to the right paratracheal stripe possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph xxxx.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the width hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there is no lung volumes.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the contours hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no is no lung volumes with.. there lung than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen.. no lungs silhouette is within but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is normal in size.. the cardiomediastinal xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no focal airspace space consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no size within normal limits mediastinal findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no size within normal limits mediastinal findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum of.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the tube noted xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction.. the tube noted with tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction.. no pleural airspace of pulmonary.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the tube tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction.. the tube passes with tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction.. there pleural airspace of pulmonary.. no size is normal limits.. no pleural effusions or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size within normal the silhouette are normal.. the are clear clear effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is enlarged the silhouette are normal.. the are clear clear effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. there mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.. there osseous structures appear the thorax are stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no xxxx posterior left pneumothorax.. stable appearance left basilar airspace disease atelectasis.. the is low low lung volumes.. there are no right left lower lobe airspace disease.. there xxxx residual left pneumothorax.. there pleural pleural effusion.
low xxxx residual left pneumothorax.. right cardiomegaly left basilar airspace disease atelectasis.. the is low low lung volumes.. there are no right left basilar lobe airspace disease.. no xxxx residual left pneumothorax.. there focal pleural effusion.. there degenerative silhouette.
no cardiomegaly changes in the left base base acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the heart is stable.. the heart are free scarring in the left lower base.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation to <unk> pleural.. .
no nodular sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral view xxxx from prior study.. the this may be artifact or a pulmonary density a xxxx pulmonary focus to the thoracic xxxx cannot be excluded.. the scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone.. there lungs are free.. no lungs and mediastinum xxxx appear normal.
no nodular sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral xxxx xxxx from prior study.. the this may be artifact or a pulmonary density a xxxx sclerotic focus to the thoracic xxxx cannot be excluded.. there scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone.. no lungs are free.. there lungs and pulmonary xxxx appear normal.
no tissue neck.. the bilateral x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam.. the pleural pulmonary abnormality.. there lungs and xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no tissue neck.. the 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam.. the pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal is normal in size contour.. no lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. the are no pleural or pleural.
no lungs.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. no vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural airspace space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no lungs with.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural airspace space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no lower lobe superior segment airspace consolidation radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia.. stable on patient's age a followup chest x-xxxx to document resolution is recommended.. the sternotomy pleural pleural effusion.. there are no tortuosity mentally without pulmonary edema.. there aorta aorta.. there senescent of the dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx device.. there pleural pneumothorax.
no lower lobe superior segment airspace consolidation radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia.. stable on patient's age a followup chest x-xxxx to document resolution is recommended.. the right parapneumonic pleural effusion.. the are no tortuosity mentally without pulmonary edema.. there aorta aorta.. there mediastinal of the dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx device.. there pneumothorax pneumothorax.. there is no calcified left pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.. .
.. .. .. .
.. .. .
no size normal normal the are clear.. the tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's <unk>.. .. .
no size is normal the are clear.. the tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary heart.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the tissues are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the tissues are within normal limits.. no enlarged of the heart.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx low.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and.. there focal pneumothorax.. no focal effusion or pneumothorax.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx decreased.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and.. no pleural pneumothorax.
no and tubes as above.. the left pleural effusion with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis.. there is no of the right costophrenic xxxx with a moderate to large pleural pleural fluid collection.. there are low of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.
no and tubes as above.. no left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis disease or atelectasis.. there is no of the right costophrenic xxxx with a moderate to large pleural pleural fluid collection.. there are low of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. there streaky atelectasis within the right lung base.. there size is within.. there tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction.. there xxxx-a-xxxx venous catheter terminates at the proximal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the vascularity is unremarkable are expanded and clear of airspace disease.. the for focal pleural or pleural effusion.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is low lung volumes.. the are no pleural consolidation.. the pleural.. the pleural pleural effusion.. .
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is low lung volumes.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and the cardiac silhouette.. the pulmonary contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes.. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and the cardiac silhouette.. the heart contours pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. no focal effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no right xxxx are <unk> the left hilar region.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no right xxxx are <unk> the left hilar region.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there is no xxxx atelectasis in the left bases.. there lungs are free clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there is no xxxx opacity in the left bases.. there heart are free clear clear.. there is no focal bony <unk>.. .
left is technically limited by patient's body habitus.. left volumes are low.. low pneumothorax of acute disease disease large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there size is enlarged.
left is technically limited by patient's body habitus.. the volumes are decreased.. the pneumothorax of acute disease disease large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there size is enlarged.. .
no quality technically limited by patient's body habitus.. no volumes are low.. there definite of acute disease disease large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there size is enlarged.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. no are clear except.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. the are clear.
no acute pulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the upper eventration.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the hemidiaphragm eventration.. no focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no heart size and normal normal cardiomediastinal silhouette normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.
no heart size and normal normal cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. the changes of present in the <unk>.. .
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. no granulomatous disease.. no lungs are <unk>.
no size is.. no appearance silhouette.. there focal consolidation pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there tortuosity reticular interstitial opacity.. there retrosternal <unk>.. there small or atypical infection?.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits size and.. the vascularity is normal normal limits.. no pleural consolidation or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits size and.. the vascularity is normal normal limits.. no pleural consolidation or pneumothoraces.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. the pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding.. the is low low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding.. the are no of the left hemidiaphragm.. there are low loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant.. there heart xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen.. there are no pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.
no low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding.. the is broken low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding.. the are no of the left hemidiaphragm.. there are low loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant.. there heart xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen.. there is no pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.
low low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding.. low is low low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding.. there is no of the left hemidiaphragm.. there are low loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant.. no lungs xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no without acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no densities consistent over the anterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows.. no are clear.. no size and mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.. .
no heart are hyperinflated hyperinflated with upper lobe areas of lung lucency and obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema.. the focal focal airspace consolidation is seen.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no upper infiltrate with associated blunting of costophrenic xxxx on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion or or consolidation.. the at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate.. the is no basilar opacity associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view.. the addition subsegmental is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm.. there is represent focal artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate.
no basilar infiltrate with associated blunting of costophrenic xxxx on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion andor andor consolidation.. the at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate.. there is no basilar opacity associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view.. no addition subsegmental is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no midlung opacity may well seen on prior exam may represent focus of airspace disease.. the cardiomediastinal base opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. there changes as above.. there internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium.. there changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx.. there xxxx-a-xxxx opacities again noted stable.. there is no calcified subphrenic calcified not well appreciated on prior.
no lower opacity not well seen on prior exam may represent focus of airspace disease.. the cardiomediastinal base opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. there changes as above.. there internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium.. there changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx.. there xxxx-a-xxxx opacities again noted stable.. there is no calcified subphrenic calcified not well appreciated on prior.. there are no pneumothorax of <unk>.
no further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity reflecting pneumonia.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax or.. no is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity reflecting pneumonia.. the heart silhouette upper contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax or.. the is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no bilateral emphysematous changes.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the appearing emphysematous changes.. no lungs and and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.
no bilateral emphysematous changes.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no appearing emphysematous changes.
no size is limits of normal with clear lungs.. the fracture deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body.. the right hemidiaphragm.
no size normal limits of normal with clear lungs.. the fracture deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body.. the right hemidiaphragm.. no lungs.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no size and as limit of <unk> tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is midline.. the silhouette is stable in.. the lungs are free focal of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the silhouette is within in.. no lungs are free evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are with.. no cardiomediastinal are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are.. the heart are otherwise.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. there mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the are clear.. there pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vascularity is normal.. there are clear.
no lung xxxx.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.
no lung xxxx.. stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and <unk> from prior examinations with sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips overlying.. no is no of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged may unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening the right lung.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal.. no sternotomy xxxx again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within and normal.. the sternotomy xxxx again noted.. the enlarged lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there tortuosity tortuosity.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there tortuosity tortuosity.. there lungs are free.
no irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture.. the the focal lentiform hyperdensity along the xxxx aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation.. there basilar airspace clear lungs.. there is no calcified irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum.. there the there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity.
no irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture.. the the focal lentiform hyperdensity along the xxxx aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation.. the basilar airspace otherwise clear lungs.. no is no calcified irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum.. no the there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity.
no lung volumes.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lung volumes without.. no silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no lung volumes.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no upper lobe pneumonia consolidation please correlate clinically for pneumonia.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the is no airspace opacity in the mid lung lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures.. no lungs are is convex upward.
no upper lobe pneumonia consolidation please correlate clinically for pneumonia.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the is no airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures.. there cardiomediastinal fissure is convex upward.
no and acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable.. the acute consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. there focal.. there curvature curvature <unk>.
no without acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. there pleural.. no spine curvature <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomegaly and stable contours.. the acute consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomegaly and stable mild contours.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. there are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. the are clear.. no pleural airspace suspicious or pleural <unk> identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary xxxx.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and silhouette allowing for an ap projection.. the mediastinal of the mediastinum and aorta.. no clear lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary xxxx.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and silhouette allowing for an ap projection.. the pulmonary of the mediastinum and pulmonary.. no clear lungs.
no size normal.. the are.. the focal of tuberculosis.. no pleural in prior exam.
no size normal.. the are.. the focal of tuberculosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area could be projectional or solid mass further study xxxx is recommended.. there is no irregular opacity 5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view not well-seen on the lateral view a dedicated xxxx scan is recommended.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area could be projectional or solid mass further study xxxx is recommended.. the is no irregular opacity in cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view not well-seen on the lateral view which dedicated xxxx scan is recommended.. there pleural or pleural effusion.. there lungs and not size.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and and normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is normal.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax effusion to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. stable increased consistent emphysema and left basilar scarring.. the heart is is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process.. the changes consistent emphysema and left basilar scarring.. the lungs is and normal normal limits.. the cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta.. no lungs flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema.. no opacities retrocardiac opacities are favored to represent scarring.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no chest film.. the size is.. no are clear.
no chest exam.. the size is.. the are clear.
cardiomegaly basilar lung nodule.. the ct thorax with contrast to further assess.. the opacity for pleural xxxx.. no is normal limits.
no lung lung nodule.. the follow thorax with contrast to further assess.. the opacity the pleural xxxx.. no and normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is moderately enlarged.. the volumes are low.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is enlarged enlarged.. there volumes are low.. no are clear bilaterally.
no left airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of xxxx.. the focal effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.. .
no left airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of xxxx.. the focal effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no size is normal limits.. the cardiomegaly hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in right right lung base.. no no focal alveolar consolidation.
no size is normal limits.. the cardiomegaly hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in right right lung base.. the no focal alveolar consolidation.. no focal pleural effusion seen.
no acute appearing lung nodules identified.. the compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease or pleural effusion.. there right contours.
no acute appearing lung nodules identified.. no compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease pleural effusion.. no right contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. stable heart is is normal.. the heart contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.. no is no xxxx or masses.. no pleural pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural fluid.
no with acute parenchymal infiltrate.. the cardiomegaly prominence xxxx related to superimposed xxxx and mediastinal fat.. there lungs is normal in size.. no lungs contours are <unk> normal limits.
no with acute parenchymal infiltrate.. the cardiomegaly prominence xxxx related to superimposed xxxx and mediastinal fat.. the lungs is normal in size.
no rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs.. the is a of.. the lungs is and normal.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs.. the are hyperexpansion.. the lungs is and normal.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the nodular of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung.
no acute disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the nodular of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung.
.. .. .. .
no size is normal and.. the left lower lymph xxxx calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe.. the pleural evidence of <unk>.. .
no size normal normal.. the left hilar lymph xxxx calcified granuloma the peripheral portion right upper lobe.. the pleural evidence of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. no is no calcified density in the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits for.. the is no calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma.. no lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. there contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal normal limits for.. the left hilar lobe granuloma.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal normal limits for.. the left hilar lobe granuloma.. no pleural consolidation <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a right-to-left in the right apices.. the lungs are free grossly.. no size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are hyperexpansion hyperexpansion in the right apices.. the lungs are clear grossly.. no and within normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are a right-to-left in the lung apices.. the lungs are free grossly.. no and is normal.
cardiomegaly airspace disease left greater right.. the calcified effusions.. no and atelectasis atelectasis are present in the lower lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no lower no evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection.. the cta no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the pleural pleural pleural effusion.. there heart contours.. there right.
no basilar no evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection.. the radiograph no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. the heart contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary pulmonary disease the lungs appear clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. no spaces are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are unremarkable.. the vasculature and normal.. no pleural consolidation pleural.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are unremarkable.. the vasculature and normal.. no pleural consolidation pleural.
stable lower lobe pneumonia.. stable may be given for followup chest x-xxxx following appropriate therapy.. the heart is rotated to left.. stable heart silhouette is stable in size and.. stable sternotomy along the left ventricular xxxx xxxx related to interface between the heart and aerated lung.. stable right perihilarupper lobe opacities which abut the xxxx fissure on lateral projection.. no pneumothorax or pleural pleural <unk>.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. no may be given for followup chest x-xxxx following appropriate therapy.. the lungs is rotated to left.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and.. no sternotomy along the left ventricular xxxx xxxx related to interface between the heart and aerated lung.. no right perihilarupper lobe opacities which abut the xxxx fissure on lateral projection.
.. .. .. .
.. .. .
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. no are clear.. the xxxx normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
xxxx without bilateral interstitial opacities.. stable lower andor atelectasis right worse than left.. the heart is is moderately.. there heart contours is within normal limits.. there is seen within the aortic xxxx.
bilateral with pulmonary interstitial opacities.. stable calcified andor atelectasis right worse than left.. the heart is is moderately.. the lungs contours is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.. .
no evidence pulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size normal contour are normal in appearance.. the focal consolidation consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and contour are normal in appearance.
no hyperinflated fracture of the mid right clavicle.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no granulomatous disease.
no hyperinflated fracture of the mid right clavicle.. no acute pulmonary disease.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there granulomatous disease.. there right hemidiaphragm.. there lungs are clear.. no xxxx spondylosis.
no cardiomegaly.. the chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen no.. the size within top normal bilateral aortic ectasiatortuosity similar to prior.. there lung eventration noted.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the xxxx appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen no.. there size within top normal bilateral aortic ectasiatortuosity similar to prior.. there lung eventration.
no size is normal and.. the evidence or or adenopathy.. the left hilar and right hilar lymph xxxx <unk>.. .
no size is normal.. the focal or or adenopathy.. the left hilar lymph right hilar lymph xxxx <unk>.. .
no acute pneumonia is present.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcifications in the paratracheal region.. no degenerative opacities in the right upper lobe.
no acute pneumonia is present.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcifications in the paratracheal region.. no degenerative opacities in the right upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no degenerative sequela are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart and normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs is midline.. the for focal pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.. no lungs and and near.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.. the for focal pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
cardiomegaly size is normal.. the are clear.. the right diaphragm.. .
xxxx of emphysema lung lung disease with ill-defined patchy left basilar and right basilar airspace disease.. the and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit xxxx clinically feasible.. the silhouette is and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta.. the coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease worsened patchy opacities and left left basilar and right base.. there pleural pleural effusion.. the pneumothorax bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomegaly.. the evaluation as the left costophrenic xxxx is excluded from the pa view.. no lungs and and near.
stable acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. stable cardiomegaly.. the evaluation as the left costophrenic xxxx is excluded from the pa view.. there heart is and within.. no lungs contours is within normal limits.
no right pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis.. the lungs is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the is low left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus xxxx secondary to a small effusion.. no focal or.
no right pleural effusion with associated basilar atelectasis.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the is low left basilar airspace and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus xxxx secondary to a small effusion.. the focal or.. no pleural bony <unk>.. .
no for acute abnormality findings.. the focal consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal fluid collection or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no without acute evidence of heart failure.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is no cardiomegaly.
no without superimposed evidence of heart failure.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is no cardiomegaly with.. the pleural edema or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no are no acute areas of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there is no focal areas of consolidation.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the left lower 5 mm granuloma and left hilar <unk>.. there pleural or.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the left lower 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas.. no pleural or.. no pleural or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary pulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary pulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.. there focal consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute disease effusion or noncalcified nodule.. there heart size mediastinal.. no xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no focal disease effusion or noncalcified nodule.. no mediastinal size and mediastinal.. no osseous of the chest xxxx are within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. no focal pulmonary opacities.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. no pleural of tuberculosis.. no prominent perihilar aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question <unk>.. .
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. the focal of tuberculosis.
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. the pleural of tuberculosis.. no prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no calcified chest xxxx with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc.. there pleural consolidation pleural pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no calcified basilar xxxx with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc.. there pleural consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no size normal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the are clear expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.. the pleural.
no size is silhouette and vascularity vascularity are within normal limits.. the are clear expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.. the focal.
no acute disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
stable cardiomegaly cardiomegaly and mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation xxxx edema.. the heart is normal enlarged.. the vascular vascularity is again accentuated.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation xxxx edema.. the heart is normal enlarged.. the vascular vascularity is again accentuated.. no is no mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pneumothorax <unk>.
no is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette pulmonary pulmonary size are within normal limits.. the is no pleural edema.. there is no pleural air.. there are no focal of a large effusion.. there is no pneumothorax of <unk>.. there degenerative anterior thoracic spine osteophytes which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis <unk>.
no is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary pulmonary size are within normal limits.. the is no pleural edema.. there are no pneumothorax air.. there are no focal of a large effusion.
no size is normal the are <unk>.. .. .. .
no size is normal the are clear.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs is normal in.
no radiograph.. stable acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. there is no calcification tortuous aorta.. there enlarged lung volumes.. there xxxx airspace effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs are are intact and without acute osseous <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are normal limits osseous structures appear <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.. the and within pulmonary vascularity within normal limits osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no volumes are low normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no volumes are low.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is a focal consolidation.. no is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a pneumothorax consolidation.. there is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. there heart silhouette are unchanged unremarkable.. there lungs and and within normal limits.
no of previous granulomatous disease stable.. the focal cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is pulmonary are unremarkable.. no identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the right upper lung lower lower lobes.
no of previous granulomatous disease stable.. the evidence cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size pulmonary are unremarkable.. the visualized are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the right upper and lower lung lobes.
no low lung volumes without crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis.. no acute consolidation.. no focal pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no and within normal limits.
no low lung volumes bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis.. the evidence consolidation.. there focal pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly enlargement.. the congestion is redemonstrated.. the right and airspace disease is present in the left base.. there lower is clear.. there xxxx pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly enlargement.. the congestion is redemonstrated.. there right and airspace disease is present in the left base.. no lung is clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size contours.. the of the right hemidiaphragm.. the pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size contours.. the of the right hemidiaphragm.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is mediastinal contour are within normal limits.. the of the right hemidiaphragm.. there pleural airspace consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the no is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection.. the lungs is pulmonary are unremarkable size and contour.. no is no pleural consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the no is no evidence of active tuberculosis.. the lungs is pulmonary are normal size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax air consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.. .
no size is normal are clear.. the focal of tuberculosis.. no basilar.. .
no size is normal are clear.. the focal of tuberculosis.. the basilar.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart.. no lungs pulmonary is midline and xxxx xxxx.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart.. the lungs pulmonary is midline and is xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the lungs is is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the lungs size is normal.. no lungs are clear without no pulmonary effusions or <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. the pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx clear.. the and clear lungs.. the contour is normal limits.
no acute or removal of left-sided chest tubes.. stable right and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the heart is is mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. there of 2 left-sided chest tubes.. there are no pneumothorax.. there are no acute findings.. there is no left pleural <unk>.
no acute or removal of left-sided chest tubes.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is and mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. no of 2 left-sided chest tubes.
no lower lobe airspace.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the airspace disease in the left lower lobe compatible with atelectasis.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. no airspace disease in the left lower lobe compatible with atelectasis.
no for acute abnormality.. the upper chest wall pacemakerdefibrillator.. the right silhouette.. there pleural consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. the pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no lung volumes.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. there lung volumes.. no lungs and and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.
cardiomegaly lung volumes with.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes.. there lungs and and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal normal in size.. the heart is stable.. there is tortuous and atherosclerotic.. no are free hypoinflated with.. no pleural bony is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. the heart is stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly of the right hemidiaphragm.. there xxxx silhouette.. no focal infiltrates consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no sequela are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no nodule are noted.
no lung volumes streaky disease within the right lung base.. the to following treatment is recommended to document resolution.. the size is normal limits.. no are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding as.
no lung volumes subsequent disease within the right lung base.. the radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution.. the size is normal limits.. no are no lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding as.
no right suprahilar opacity consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy.. the for for to xxxx or symptoms of tuberculosis.. there follow radiograph to document resolution.. there and lateral views of the chest obtained.. there lungs silhouette and otherwise size and configuration.
no right suprahilar opacity consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy.. no with as to xxxx or symptoms of infection.. there xxxx to to document resolution.. there and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. there lungs silhouette is stable in size and configuration.. there lungs are clear aerated.. there are no right of right suprahilar chest.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no size is.. the are.. the position mm right right midlung nodule.. .
no size is.. the are.. the position mm right right midlung nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. the of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms consistent.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.. .
no evidence abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. no of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms consistent.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the left right upper lobe.. no size within pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the images.. the left right upper lobe.. there size is pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. there contours is unremarkable.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.. no lungs are <unk> aerated and clear.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.. no lungs are clear aerated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal normal limits.. the calcified granuloma in the right base.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal normal limits.. the calcified granuloma in the right base.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph were obtained.. the are clear.. there is no focal or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and lateral radiograph were obtained.. the are clear.. the is no focal or pleural effusion.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal.. no focal consolidation consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. no focal consolidation consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are clear.. the focal consolidation or pneumothorax.. the size mediastinum contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality are clear.. the focal lung or pneumothorax.. the and mediastinum contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no for focal displaced rib <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no for focal displaced rib <unk>.
no lower airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung.. the size and normal limits.. the is no airspace lateral base airspace disease.. no is no 0 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung.
no lower airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung.. the size is normal limits.. the is no airspace base base airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. no lungs.. no bronchovascular.. no <unk> and mediastinal contours.
no cardiomegaly.. the lungs.. the congestion.. no heart and mediastinal contours.
no hernia as before.. the calcified upper lung scarring as before.. the well-expanded and clear lungs.. no contours is normal limits.
no hernia as before.. stable right upper lung scarring as before.. the well-expanded and clear lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no are clear hypoinflated but.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there are clear hypoinflated but.. there retrosternal opacities on lateral projection xxxx reflect bronchovascular crowding.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the curvature of the spine with xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body.. there lungs contours mediastinal contours are normal.. there heart are free and clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the curvature of the spine with xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are normal.. the heart are free and clear.. there are no pleural air consolidation.. there are no pneumothorax pleural.. there are no of the thoracic spine.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no focal consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.
no lung study without acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomegaly.. the size and within enlarged pulmonary.. no aorta.
no lung study without acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomegaly.. the size is within enlarged.. there aorta.. there volumes are xxxx with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar <unk>.
no cardiomegaly size no acute pulmonary findings heart size borderline enlarged.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no nodule in the right lower lung suggests a previous granulomatous <unk>.
no cardiomegaly size no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. there lungs are free.. there is no focal air space consolidations.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are free.. no is no focal air space consolidations.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the granuloma hilar lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
xxxx cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.. stable bibasal subsegmental atelectasisscar.. there small left pleural effusion.. there is tortuous calcified thoracic aorta unchanged.. there pulmonary vascularity.. there degenerative bibasilar opacities.. there left costophrenic xxxx.
no cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.. no bibasal subsegmental atelectasisscar.. the small left pleural effusion.. there is tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged.. there heart vascularity.
no focal pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear.. there is no calcified retrocardiac pleural effusion with.. no are no interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung.
no calcification pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear.. the is no calcified retrocardiac pleural effusion with.. no is no interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute of active radiodense foreign bodies.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal of pneumonia radiodense foreign bodies.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the lung volumes.. the are no cardiomegaly.. there are no dilation of the pulmonary arteries.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the lung volumes.. there is no cardiomegaly.. no is no dilation of the pulmonary arteries.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax <unk>.. no pleural bony <unk> <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute pleural pleural effusion.. the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality size and mediastinal contour are normal.. the cardiomegaly of the aorta.. the vascularity is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size and mediastinal contour are normal.. the cardiomegaly of the aorta.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the basilar pleural retraction.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. no are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no lung pleural retraction.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. there are normal.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the are granuloma in.. no lungs and is normal in size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the are granuloma in.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the no evidence evidence for tuberculosis.. the size and normal limits.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence evidence of aspiration.. the size is normal limits.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural.
no exam without acute abnormality.. the heart size and.. the position aorta.. no pleural or effusion or suspicious focal air <unk>.
no exam without acute abnormality.. the heart size.. the cardiomediastinal aorta.. the pleural or effusion or suspicious focal air <unk>.
no basilar opacity nodule.. the with the previous xxxx would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest ct could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization.. the pleural airspace.. there heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute finding from xxxx.. the lungs silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the calcification.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no acute change from xxxx.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the calcification.. the pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs.. the mediastinal contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs.. the heart contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the heart contours pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. there pleural effusion or.
no pulmonary.. the represent granulomas to mediastinal fat.. the with if available would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance.. the lungs.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of any airspace disease.
stable mediastinum.. the represent granulomas to mediastinal fat.. the with if available would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance.. the lungs.. there lungs is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are clear of any airspace disease.
stable mediastinum.. the represent granulomas to mediastinal fat.. the with if available would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance.. the lungs.
no lungs acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. the contour within pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. no pleural airspace consolidation or large effusion.
no lungs acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. the contour within pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. no pleural airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette are unchanged.. there are low xxxx of several xxxx xxxx.. there are free clear.. there xxxx pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no silhouette are unchanged.. the is low xxxx of several xxxx xxxx.. there are free clear.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there changes of present in the <unk>.
no change in the right lung base.. the right hemidiaphragm.. the focal bony abnormality.. no xxxx silhouette.
no change the right lung base.. the right hemidiaphragm.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no calcified silhouette.
no acute disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum of.
no for acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the position basilar lobe scarring granuloma.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the position basilar lung scarring granuloma.. no pleural consolidation suspicious or pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly of the chest acute air space opacity.. the low lung volumes.. the are clear without focal consolidation space disease.
stable cardiomegaly of the chest acute air space opacity.. the tortuous lung volumes.. the are clear without focal consolidation space disease.. the bilateral elevation right hemidiaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no increased opacity of right mid hemithorax xxxx related to superimposed soft tissues.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no increased opacity of right mid hemithorax xxxx related to superimposed soft tissues.
no study secondary definite acute intrathoracic finding.. the heart images limited secondary to motion artifact.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural or large pleural effusion.. the size within.. there xxxx.. .. .
no exam secondary definite acute intrathoracic finding.. the heart view limited secondary to motion artifact.. there focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. there size is.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence apparent etiology for hemoptysis.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the no evidence apparent etiology for hemoptysis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable normal limits.. no carinatum is noted.
bilateral elevation.. the interstitial lung in the central lungs edema versus chronic interstitial changes.. the heart xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided.. the lungs silhouette is normal enlarged.. no xxxx markings are are within normal limits symmetric.. no retrosternal markings bilaterally at the lung bases.. no may represent related to chronic interstitial changes or edema.
no cardiomegaly.. the interstitial markings in the lower lungs and versus chronic interstitial changes.. the lungs xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided.. the lungs silhouette is normal enlarged.. there vasculature markings are are within normal limits and symmetric.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no cm of apical opacity scarring versus nodule.. the single xxxx is indicated for further characterization.. there result notification documented through primordial.. there heart and xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no cm of apical opacity scarring versus nodule.. the few xxxx is indicated for further characterization.. the result notification documented through primordial.. there lungs is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax infiltrate space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are no calcified cm projecting opacity in the right lung base incompletely evaluated by this exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the pleural findings of pulmonary edema.
no aneurysmal of the chest.. no evidence pulmonary.. there is t-spine bilateral xxxx and.. there lungs is not normal limits in size.. there lungs is calcified and tortuous.. there is atherosclerotic calcified granulomas both lungs.. there pneumothorax consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no exam of the chest.. no acute pulmonary.. there is t-spine left xxxx and.. there heart is not normal limits in size.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the resolution.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no is been clearing cabg.. there clips are identified seen in the epigastric region.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the resolution.. there lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there are been clearing development.. there clips are identified seen in the epigastric region.. there lungs silhouette are grossly normal limits.. there vascularity is normal normal limits.
no size is normal the are clear.. the spurring of the thoracic spine.. .. .
no size is normal the are clear.. the spurring of the thoracic spine.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the as enlargement.. there cardiac contour stable.. there granulomas.. there of old granulomatous disease.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or overt pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the appearance enlargement.. there cardiac contour stable.. there hilar.. there of old granulomatous disease.
no bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation.. no size is enlarged for technique stable mediastinal contours.. there xxxx pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation.. the size is enlarged for technique stable mediastinal contours.. there focal pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute.. the size is normal.. the are free.. the post xxxx artery bypass <unk>.. .
no acute.. the size and normal.. the are clear.. no post xxxx artery bypass <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and is mediastinal contours are within this limits.. the densities overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry xxxx xxxx correlate clinically.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry xxxx xxxx correlate clinically.. no lungs are clear.
no left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease.. the and and costophrenic xxxx blunting persists the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval.. the single patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe.. no focal infiltrates.
no left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease.. the and and costophrenic xxxx blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval.. the single patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe.. the pleural infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute disease.. the size mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the heart are clear.. the structures are <unk>.. .
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the is no pleural airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the is no pleural air consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic <unk>.
no chest interstitial opacities could represent scarring or infiltrate.. the chest be helpful to further characterize.. the position size and.. no bilateral interstitial opacities.
no cardiomegaly interstitial opacities could represent scarring or infiltrate.. the chest be of to further characterize.. the position size and.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no of the hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood xxxx.. no the interval of prior studies for comparison xxxx scan for further evaluation.. the notification xxxx primordial.. there is no dual-lumen cm nodular opacity projecting over the hilum.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax vascular.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate to.. there is degenerative focal of pleural effusions.
no of the hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood xxxx.. the the interval of prior studies for comparison xxxx scan for further evaluation.. the notification xxxx primordial.. no are no xxxx cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum.
no lung lung disease with mild bibasilar right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis.. the of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease.. no size is normal limits.. no right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted.
no lung lung disease with mild bibasilar right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis.. the of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease.. the size is normal limits.. the right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted.
no lung lung disease with mild bibasilar right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis.. stable with the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease.. no size is normal limits.
no hyperinflated lung xxxx otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the of interstitial lungs consistent with copd and unchanged.. there aorta of the aortic aorta.. no pleural disease or cavitary nodule.
no hyperinflated lung xxxx otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the of interstitial lungs consistent with copd and unchanged.. the calcification of the aortic aorta.. no pleural disease or cavitary nodule.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. .. .. .
no acute evidence of tuberculosis cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. .. .. .
no quality exam shows no definite acute findings.. the apical lordotic frontal projection mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings.. there pleural pleural alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion seen.
no quality exam shows no definite acute findings.. the apical lordotic frontal projection mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings.. the pleural pleural alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion seen.
no prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement.. the chest x-xxxx is further imaging xxxx may be indicated.. the with prior films would be helpful if available.. there lungs and not in size.. there are no prominence.
no prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement.. the chest x-xxxx is further imaging xxxx may be indicated.. the with prior films would be helpful if available.. the lungs and not in size.. no are no prominence.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are free clear.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no deformity proximal right humerus.. the acute edema.. the of proximal right humerus.. no with.
no deformity proximal right humerus.. the acute edema.. the of proximal right humerus.. no lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal limits.. the pleural airspace space consolidation or pleural effusion.. there cardiomegaly spine degenerative <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable lung volumes.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal limits.. the focal consolidation space consolidation or pleural effusion.. there cardiomegaly spine degenerative <unk>.
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there lungs are free hyperinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no degenerative changes changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free hyperinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is enlarged in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.
no chest.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no chest.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the are clear.. there pleural effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is ectatic.. the and is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is ectatic.. the size is normal normal limits.. no pleural airspace suspicious or pleural effusion identified.
no improvement catheter exchange.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the right.. the few internal jugular xxxx this catheter has been exchanged for a large xxxx left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip tip at the cavoatrial junction.. there pleural effusion or airspace consolidation.. the postsurgical scoliosis.
no resolution catheter exchange.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. there right.. no few upper jugular xxxx this catheter has been exchanged for a large xxxx left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip tip at the cavoatrial junction.
no evidence of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the evidence consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the silhouette is within.. .
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no lungs with.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. no size within.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease is an apical lordotic view the chest.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there are clear.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease is an apical lordotic view the chest.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the are clear.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the changes of overlying the left axilla.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary.. no pleural pulmonary nodules.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the changes noted overlying the left axilla.. the pleural airspace of pulmonary.. no pleural pulmonary nodules.
no appearance with no position right upper pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle.. no acute.. there right basilar wall surgical with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle.. there mediastinal.. there granuloma xxxx unchanged.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the sized significant edema.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size is normal enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. there are no calcified opacity generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the right location of the right atrium right ventricle and coronary <unk>.
no nodules pulmonary granulomas xxxx sequela of prior process.. the focal alveolar consolidation.. the there would like to discuss this case further please xxxx.. the xxxx xxxx.. the size and.. no <unk>.
no scattered pulmonary granulomas most xxxx sequela of prior disease.. the focal alveolar consolidation.. the there would like to discuss this case further please xxxx.. no and xxxx.
no density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung with well on pa view only.. the may represent pleural of a healed rib fracture possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view.. there could indicate followed up in 6 months to confirm stability.. there fissure incidentally noted.
no density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung seen well on pa view only.. the may represent scarring of a healed rib fracture possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view.. the is indicate followed up in 6 months to confirm stability.. there fissure incidentally noted.. there are well expanded and clear.. there contours <unk> the limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no right of left fusion xxxx on the lateral view with distal tip closely approximating the skin surface with a change in alignment since the previous exam.. stable cardiomegaly tracheostomy tube left picc tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein repositioning recommended.. there size is normal limits technique no opacity xxxx due to xxxx with part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no change of left fusion xxxx the lateral view distal tip closely approximating the skin surface a change in alignment since the previous exam.. stable cardiomegaly tracheostomy tube picc tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein repositioning recommended.. there size is normal limits technique no opacity xxxx due to xxxx with part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.. there shunt tubing and right nephrostomy <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal cardiomediastinal silhouette airways pulmonary vasculature and central volumes without focal air space consolidation pleural <unk>.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette airways pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation pleural <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the few nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.. no pleural.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the few nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no is no changes without both lungs with appearance of emphysema.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease or.. no focal edema.
no is no changes without both lungs with appearance of emphysema.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease or.. there focal edema.. no pleural focal pleural effusions.
no is no changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease or.. the focal edema.. no pleural focal pleural effusions.
no lower mixed infiltrate with left radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.. the size and limits of normal.. the nodular of focal basilar airspace disease.
no lower mixed infiltrate with left radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.. the size and limits of normal but.. the nodular of focal basilar airspace disease.. no lungs lung base clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no focal consolidation space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and within.. the vasculature and xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and normal.. the vasculature and xxxx are normal.. there pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no ij lobe infiltrate represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis.. no lung volumes.. there heart is midline.. there heart silhouette is normal in.. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there xxxx within in the right upper base which represent focal infiltrate.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. the is no focal consolidation opacity pleural.
no lower effusions right larger than left abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis differential diagnosis includes infection aspiration atypical distribution pulmonary edema bilateral pleural effusions left small right moderate in size abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases.. no mediastinal of heart size due to obscured heart stable mediastinal <unk>.. .
no pleural effusions with larger than left with pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis differential diagnosis includes infection aspiration atypical distribution pulmonary edema bilateral pleural effusions left small right moderate in size abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases.. the mediastinal of heart size due to obscured heart stable mediastinal <unk>.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.. no focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no appearance with acute abnormality.. the heart size and.. the mediastinal contour.
no chest with acute abnormality.. the heart size.. the heart contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. the heart contours.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. the heart contour.. .
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. the structures are <unk>.. .
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute pleural effusion or airspace consolidation.. the position basilar lobe granuloma.. no removal resolution clavicle xxxx procedure.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute pleural effusion or airspace consolidation.. the right basilar lung granuloma.. the removal right clavicle xxxx procedure.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. no size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema.. the is a cardiomegaly.. there is low pulmonary opacities increased since the previous exam.. no focal consolidation consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema congestion early interstitial edema.. the are stable cardiomegaly.. no is low pulmonary opacities and since the previous exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no right in the left.. the heart xxxx subsegmental or atelectasis.. the are the earlier study.. no size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no change in the left.. the heart xxxx subsegmental or atelectasis.. the opacity the earlier study.. the and is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. there lungs view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning.. there heart size mediastinal contours.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural pleural pleural <unk>.
no limited exam.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs examination is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning.. the heart size mediastinal contours.
no xxxx xxxx.. the focal appearing lung nodules.. no and clear lungs.. no contours is normal limits.
no 2 of the chest.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are <unk>.. .
no cardiomegaly size mediastinal silhouette.. no focal edema.
no cardiomegaly size moderately silhouette.. no focal edema.. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no change opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or scarring pneumonia.. the are no calcified opacity opacity in the left upper lung which.. the size is normal limits.
no change opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or scarring pneumonia.. the are a calcified opacity opacity in the left upper lung which.. the and and normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta.. the focal consolidation suspicious or pneumothorax.. no of the right hemidiaphragm stable compared to prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta.. the focal airspace pneumothorax or pneumothorax.
no for x-xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no alveolar and and the right midlung and within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most xxxx represents patient's nipple recommend nipple xxxx films as it may represent a lung nodule as well.. the is recalled from the xxxx room for the nipple xxxx.
no right and in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the cm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most xxxx represents patient's nipple recommend nipple xxxx scan as it may represent a lung nodule as well.. the is recalled from the xxxx room for the nipple xxxx film.. .
no left and in the right midlung which within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most xxxx represents patient's nipple recommend nipple xxxx films as it may represent a lung nodule as well.. the is recalled from the xxxx room for the nipple xxxx.
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. the basilar atelectasis left <unk>.. .
no size is normal.. the are clear without.. the basilar atelectasis left <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no are no focal areas of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. there clips are present.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no focal consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no lungs.. the heart silhouette is within in.. the are clear clear evidence of effusion or infiltrate.. no is no calcified to pleural lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations.
no lungs.. the heart silhouette is normal in.. the are free clear without evidence of infiltrate or infiltrate.. no is no 0 retrocardiac pleural lobe pleural granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no xxxx opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasisscarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobelingula on lateral view.. the well-expanded and clear lungs.. there contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx opacities compatible with scarring atelectasisscarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobelingula on lateral view.. the well-expanded and clear lungs.. no contour within normal limits.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx fracture of t1heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits.. the focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. the seen is a wedge-shaped xxxx fracture of t1.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no xxxx fracture of t1heart size and mediastinal contour within normal <unk>.. there focal consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no visualized is a wedge-shaped xxxx fracture of t1.
bilateral acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the heart is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. no lungs is is normal in size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size is mediastinal mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no interim 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
stable cardiomegaly right low lung volumes.. stable changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most xxxx secondary chronic inflammatory change.. the some peripheral xxxx fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe grossly stable.. stable xxxx infiltrates abnormalities consolidation.
stable cardiomegaly right low lung volumes.. stable changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most xxxx secondary chronic inflammatory change.. there some peripheral xxxx fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe grossly stable.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly.. there hilar pulmonary.. no and lateral views of the chest were obtained.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the appearance cardiomegaly.. the contour pulmonary.. there and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. there tube.. no xxxx degenerative.
no cardiomegaly.. the for acute abnormality disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pneumothorax.. no lungs.
no cardiomegaly.. the for acute abnormality disease.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no heart size mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no <unk> size mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear without focal air space opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally without focal airspace space opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.
no chest size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. no are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax or large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. the is no of the thoracic aorta compared with prior.. the pleural airspace disease effusion.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there changes thoracic the <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal.. the is no of the thoracic aorta stable with prior.
no chest.. the heart silhouette mediastinal mediastinum size are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax edema.. no is no pneumothorax air.
no chest.. the lungs silhouette mediastinal mediastinum size are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax edema.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. there lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. there is no focal or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. there lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. there are no pleural or pleural.
no cardiomegaly heart acute abnormality.. the heart heart.. the vasculature within within normal limits.
no enlarged heart acute abnormality.. the heart heart.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. no are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear bilaterally.. no are normal.
no without superimposed acute disease noted.. the size and normal enlarged.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no and superimposed acute disease noted.. the size is normal enlarged.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are no calcified right right the right lung base.
no acute of active or aspiration primary tuberculosis infection acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.. the lungs contours are <unk>.
no acute of active or aspiration primary tuberculosis infection no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.. there lungs contours are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no pleural effusions or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax <unk>.
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. no upper.. no joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral <unk>.
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. the xxxx-a-xxxx.. no joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and normal normal limits in.. no pleural consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. the silhouette and normal normal limits in.. the pleural consolidation.. there pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.. there pleural bony <unk> are.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no <unk> contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. no is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.. .
no clear clear expanded consistent with copd.. the focal infiltrates.. the focal focal pleural effusions.. no <unk> and.
no are hyperinflated expanded consistent with copd.. the focal infiltrates.. the focal focal pleural effusions.. no <unk> and.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the is no patchy opacity opacity in the right middle lobe xxxx atelectasis.. there lungs are free clear focal airspace disease.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there is no right-to-left opacity disease in the right middle lobe xxxx atelectasis.. there heart are free clear focal infiltrate disease.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there are no blunting of the thoracic aorta atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute lung consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the and is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings borderline cardiomegaly stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. the focal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease borderline cardiomegaly stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear of acute infiltrates and expanded.. no scarring in the right lower lobe unchanged unchanged.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear of acute infiltrates and expanded.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. the for focal <unk> <unk>.. .
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. the for acute <unk> <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no cardiac size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural consolidation space consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. the is no pleural airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural.
no without mild vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema.. the bilateral pleural effusions.. the focal pneumothorax.. the and lateral view of the <unk>.. .
low without marked vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild pulmonary pulmonary edema.. the residual pleural effusions.. there focal pneumothorax.. there and lateral view of the <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there is hyperinflation to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the is a of to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal consolidation identified.. the size is normal limits.. no for pneumothorax pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal edema identified.. the size and normal limits.
no lungs.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the focal airspace space opacities.
no lungs.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the focal consolidation space opacities.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary near upper limits of normal in size.. the vasculature and normal in caliber.. there are no tortuosity of the thoracic thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary near upper limits of normal in size.. the vascularity within normal in caliber.. there is no tortuosity of the thoracic thoracic aorta.. there lungs are clear focal infiltrate disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is degenerative focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs xxxx related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity.. no heart size mediastinal contours.. no pleural airspace consolidation.. no sternotomy in the right lung lung representing atelectasis versus scarring.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs xxxx related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity.. no heart size mediastinal contours.
no lungs clear lungs.. the lungs with obstructive lung disease.. the of old granulomatous disease.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
xxxx airspace disease left on the right either atelectasis or infiltrate.. stable right midlung atelectasis.. there is a calcification.. there heart aorta is tortuous.
low airspace disease left on the right either atelectasis or infiltrate.. stable right midlung atelectasis.. the is a calcification.. there heart aorta is tortuous.. there volumes are low central elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.. there are no atelectasis in the right midlung with bibasilar airspace disease either atelectasis or infiltrate.. no focal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there medial granulomas in the right lower.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcified granulomas in the right lower.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are free.
no acute or pneumonia.. the lungs.. .. .
no acute or edema.. the lungs.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the evidence.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal pleural.. no focal pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute pleural.. the focal pleural effusions.. no and is normal.
no heart size and normal.. the are no right-to-left scarring right apex otherwise lungs clear.. .. .
no heart size and normal.. the are no right-to-left scarring right apex otherwise lungs clear.. .
no differences in xxxx factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there left hilar nodules are a previous granulomatous process.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there granuloma hilar nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no displaced right right the right right 7th rib xxxx acute fracture.. the are a associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis.. the anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view.. the sternotomy be xxxx to evaluate this.
no displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib xxxx acute.. the are a left small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis.. no anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the calcified granulomas in the right lower lobe unchanged.. no focal.. no size within normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe unchanged.. the focal pleural.. no and is normal.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the right middle lung calcified granuloma.. the xxxx right scar.. the size is pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. there clips are identified in the right upper <unk>.. .
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there right basilar lung calcified granulomas.. there xxxx right scar.. there size is mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.
no lungs air no focal alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen.. there size and top normal limits aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity ectasiatortuosity.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no lungs flattened focal alveolar consolidation.. the evidence pulmonary effusion seen no.. the size is top normal limits aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity ectasiatortuosity.. there focal findings of pulmonary edema.. there irregularity of the right clavicle appears chronic and suggests old <unk>.. .. .
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the xxxx normal.. the pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no appearance of the scarring in the right upper lung with numerous xxxx xxxx scarring.. the are no left hilar lymph xxxx as xxxx.. the are are the left lung base xxxx atelectasis scarring lung volumes no focal air space opacities suggest <unk>.
no cardiomegaly of the scarring in the right upper lung with numerous xxxx xxxx granulomas.. the are low left hilar lymph xxxx as xxxx.. the opacity are the left lung base xxxx atelectasis scarring lung volumes no focal air space opacities to suggest <unk>.. .
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart size.. no calcified changes.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. no heart size.. no calcified changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal is normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no are no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no left cardiac size.. the left.. there hilar xxxx tip the distal.. there medial bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis.. there bibasilar opacities a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema.. there densities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease.. there appearance to the prior <unk>.
stable aneurysmal cardiac size.. no granulomas.. the pleural xxxx tip the svc.. there amount bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis.. there bibasilar opacities a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema.. there densities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease.
low acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is moderately limits of normal.. there heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary and upper limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear hypoinflated but grossly.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear hypoinflated but clear.
no right lower lobe airspace xxxx infectious infiltrate.. the lung lobe xxxx opacities xxxx.. the size is normal limits.. the pleural effusion or.
no right lower lobe airspace xxxx infectious infiltrate.. the lung lobe xxxx opacities xxxx.. the size is normal limits.. no pleural effusion or.
no cardiomegaly cardiac size.. the right diaphragm.. the are clear.
no chest cardiac size.. the right hemidiaphragm.. the are clear.
no of the left hilum which be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature.. the abdomen with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation.. the is no of the superior hilum which may be adenopathy or engorged.. no silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.
no of the left hilum which be secondary to motion or enlarged pulmonary vasculature.. the abdomen with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation.. no is no of the right hilum which may be adenopathy or engorged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear evidence.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. there lungs are free evidence.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no basilar catheter distal tip may the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head.. the lung volumes are magnified basilar lung atelectasis.. the lung catheter tip tip posterior to the head of the clavicle the level of the subclavian vein.. no lung volumes.
no upper catheter distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein the level of clavicular head.. the lung volumes are magnified basilar lung atelectasis.. the lung catheter tip tip posterior to the head of the clavicle the level of the subclavian vein.. no lung volumes however.. no pleural effusions or.
no size is normal and.. the calcified shadows seen.. the mm right midlung lobe granuloma.. no and is.
no size is normal.. the calcified shadows seen.. the mm right lower lobe granuloma.. no and is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette with.. the focal airspace consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there focal consolidation consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there of xxxx mastectomy.
no cardiomegaly and xxxx atelectasis in the right lower lobe.. the is a cardiomegaly.. the lungs is tortuous.. there is no airspace in in the right lower lobe xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. there is no pleural or pleural.. there pleural rib fractures are.. there there is concern clinical concern consider dedicated rib views for further <unk>.
xxxx cardiomegaly xxxx atelectasis in the right lower lobe.. the is a cardiomegaly.. there heart is tortuous.. there is no airspace in in the right lower lobe xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. there is no pneumothorax pleural.. there pleural rib fractures are.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no lower lobe pneumonia which is worrisome.. stable there is any previous films available for comparison xxxx scan for further evaluation.. the and left hip.. the with fracture right hip.. the xxxx-a-xxxx.
no interstitial markings bilaterally may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes.. the are low focal osseous abnormalities.. the anterior left rib third and fourth rib fractures.. no osseous tissues are within normal limits.
no prominence markings bilaterally may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes.. the are no focal osseous abnormalities.. the old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures.. the osseous tissues are within normal limits.
no left xxxx nodular density seen on the pa view with projecting over the right midlung.. the comparison enhanced xxxx for evaluation for this nodule.. the not patient have known xxxx factors for malignancy? somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis there are no focal airspace opacities the lungs.. no is no xxxx cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be xxxx on the prior xxxx.. there the stomach interstitium is again clear making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct the mid and lower lobes.
no cardiomegaly cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the midlung lobe atelectasis granuloma noted.. the and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes.
no appearance cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the upper lobe atelectasis granuloma noted.. the and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes.. the removal bilateral interstitial opacities with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.. no calcified cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the aorta.
no size is normal and.. the are clear without.. the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the hilar xxxx catheter with with tip overlying the lower svc.. the density projecting over the right chest radiograph external on the lateral projection.. no for.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung xxxx catheter with with tip overlying the lower svc.. the density projecting over the right chest radiograph external on the lateral projection.. no for.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascular within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration stable.. no is no granulomas the right perihilar regions appear stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal rib fractures.. there heart size and mediastinal contours.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal rib fractures.. no pulmonary size mediastinal contours.. no lungs are <unk> without.
no and clear lungs.. the for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma.. the contour is normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no and clear lungs.. the for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma.. the contour is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc.. the upper wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx.. the heart contour.
pathologic fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc.. the chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx.. the heart contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
pathologic fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc.. the chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx.. the heart contour.. no pleural pleural <unk>.
no fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc.. the knee wall mediport with with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx.. the mediastinal contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
no size is normal limits technique.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no size is normal limits technique.. no acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no size within normal limits technique.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the to prior examination xxxx xxxx there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube.. the xxxx mediastinal thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.. no subclavian opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosisscar.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the to prior examination there xxxx there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube.. the mediastinal mediastinal thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.. no basilar opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosisscar.
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute disease.
no acute pulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart pulmonary and within.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.. no are no xxxx or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. no for acute <unk> <unk>.. .
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. the for focal <unk> <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free.. there spondylosis.. there xxxx are the <unk>.. .
no images right nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a xxxx.. no is a single opacity in the right lower zone measuring 0 cm which is xxxx to be in the posterobasal segment.. the is no uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at xxxx some concern for neoplasm.. there few density recommended.. no pleural disease or cavitary nodule.
no images right nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a xxxx.. the is a single opacity in the right lower zone measuring 0 cm which is xxxx to be in the posterobasal segment.. the is no xxxx etiology but would benefit from followup at xxxx some concern for neoplasm.. there few density recommended.. there pleural disease or cavitary nodule.
no acute lung opacity.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no few chest catheter is noted.
no acute lung opacity.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the pulmonary size mediastinal contours.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality on chest x-xxxx.. the focal.. the lungs is midline.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities on chest x-xxxx.. the focal pleural.. the lungs is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings on chest x-xxxx.. the focal.. the lungs is midline.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality on chest x-xxxx.. the focal pleural.. the lungs is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is normal.. the are clear without.. no is no pneumothorax effusion to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is and normal.. no are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no size is.. the dilated dilated aorta.. the focal pleural pleural.
no size is.. the dilated aorta aorta.. the focal pleural pleural.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.. no lungs are free aerated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is pulmonary contours appear within normal limits.. the calcification of the aorta.. no pleural airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the calcification of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the of the aorta.. the xxxx pleural effusion or focal consolidation.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the of the aorta.. the xxxx effusion or focal consolidation.. there silhouette is within normal limits.. there xxxx within normal in.. there xxxx opacities.. there streaky of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. no size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. .
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the left mm right in the right lower.. there post xxxx of left upper lobe.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the left mm right in the right upper.. there post xxxx of left upper lobe.. there pleural is or masses.. there pleural.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum of.. .
no acute disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum of.
no acute of active disease.. the lung volumes are present.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the lung volumes are noted.. there lungs is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is broken small clips at the thoracic inlet.. the area of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base.. the lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is broken surgical clips at the thoracic inlet.. the amount of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base.. there lungs are free clear.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there skeletal and pulmonary are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is t-spine surgical clips at the thoracic inlet.. there amount of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base.. there lungs are free clear.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and pulmonary are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs are free.. .
no evidence pulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no right disease on the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe xxxx representing pneumonia superimposed on xxxx severe underlying emphysema.. no followup this process to resolution.. the airspace disease is present in the right view probably within the right lower lobe.. stable are no kyphotic emphysema.. no lungs is calcified and.
no right disease on the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe xxxx a pneumonia superimposed on xxxx underlying emphysema.. stable rib this process to resolution.. the airspace disease is present in the right view probably within the right lower lobe.. the is no kyphotic emphysema.. there lungs is calcified and.. there are no.
no lower venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib.. the catheter tip in be within the azygos vein.. the left midlung scarring.. no is no cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter with the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib.. no tubing in be present the proximal svc or azygos vein.
no lower venous catheter fracture with the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib.. the catheter tip in be within the azygos vein.. the left midlung scarring.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs pulmonary and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.. no degenerative hyperexpansion.. no is no xxxx or masses.
stable quality limited by very and kyphosis.. the lung volumes are opacities xxxx due at xxxx in part atelectasis.. the interstitial pulmonary pattern which in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease interstitial infiltrates pulmonary edema.. no lung calcifications suggest dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.. no pleural pleural effusion seen.
no quality limited by very and kyphosis.. the lung volumes are opacities xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis.. the interstitial pattern pattern which in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial disease interstitial infiltrates pulmonary edema.. the lower calcifications suggest dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.. there xxxx pleural effusion seen.. the size is top normal limits for technique sternotomy xxxx cabg clips artifact artifact aortic valve <unk>.
.. .. .. .. .
.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. there mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no cardiomegaly of the without acute cardiopulmonary evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with stable of right lymphoma.. the there would like to discuss this case further please xxxx.. the xxxx xxxx.. there xxxx of the with no findings of disease progression.. there size mediastinum are.. there degenerative of the hemidiaphragm.. no are <unk> <unk>.
no cardiomegaly of the acute cardiopulmonary evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with stable of hodgkin's lymphoma.. the there would like to discuss this case further please xxxx.. the xxxx xxxx.. there xxxx of the with no findings of disease progression.. there size mediastinum are.. no degenerative of the hemidiaphragm.
no appearance with intact xxxx replacement.. the evidence pulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. there is no of complete aicd with the left chest wall with intact intact xxxx placement.. there clips xxxx is redemonstrated.. there silhouette mediastinal silhouettes appear normal.
no appearance with intact xxxx replacement.. no evidence pulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. there is no of complete aicd with the left chest wall with intact intact xxxx placement.. there suture xxxx is redemonstrated.. there silhouette mediastinal silhouettes appear normal.. there xxxx in the left lower lobe xxxx atelectasis or scarring.. there pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion <unk>.
no cm nodule within the lung base seen only on the lateral view.. the ct correlation with xxxx abdomen study if available.. the is no calcified cm nodule within one of the lung bases seen only on the lateral view.. no is no 0 granuloma hilar lymph node granuloma granuloma.. no size and normal.
no cm of within the lung base seen only on the lateral view.. the ct correlation with xxxx abdomen study if available.. the is no calcified cm nodule within one xxxx the lung bases seen only on the lateral view.. there is no 0 granuloma hilar lymph node granuloma granuloma.. there size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the lungs.. the and midline.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. no lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is moderately normal limits.. no is no of the thoracic aorta.. no hilar lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is normal normal limits.. the is no of the thoracic aorta.. no left lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a evidence consolidation.. the is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. the heart silhouette are unchanged unremarkable.. there lungs is and within normal limits.
no without pulmonary vascular hypertension heart is large.. the vasculature are engorged.. no focal.
no without pulmonary vascular hypertension heart failure large.. the vasculature are engorged.. the focal.. no is calcified tortuous.
cardiomegaly size is.. the aorta aorta.. there basilar atelectasis left base.
left size is.. the aorta aorta.. the basilar atelectasis left base.. .
no improvement right patchy lateral base atelectasis.. the is a interstitial density in the right lung and left base which the chest with minimal tenting of the right right hemidiaphragm.. the xxxx blunting may persist but the left costophrenic xxxx is clipped from view.. there are no dual-lumen diaphragmatic base calcific nodular density xxxx from old granulomatous disease.. no cardiomegaly apical pleural thickening.
xxxx improvement right patchy lateral base atelectasis.. stable is a interstitial density in the right lung and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm.. stable xxxx blunting may persist but the left costophrenic xxxx is clipped from view.. there are a dual-lumen chest base calcific nodular density xxxx from old granulomatous disease.
no appearance changes with mild cardiomegaly.. the bilateral pleural effusions.. the of bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy.. the xxxx xxxx.. the mediastinal of the right xxxx xxxx.. there degenerative.. there lungs are free.
no left changes with mild cardiomegaly.. the bilateral pleural effusions.. the of bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy.. the xxxx xxxx.. the mediastinal of the right xxxx xxxx.. there degenerative.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no are no focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no is no focal or <unk>.
no upper.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the for focal effusion or dislocation.. no calcified silhouette.
no upper.. the evidence cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the for focal effusion or dislocation.. no calcified silhouette.
no lower.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the for focal effusion or dislocation.
no and pulmonary interstitial edema and xxxx posterior pleural effusion.. the mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung base.. the may are unchanged and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema or could be further characterized with ct.. the is noted.. there are no prominence edema with the presence of xxxx b-lines.. there is no pneumothorax.
no without pulmonary interstitial edema and xxxx posterior pleural effusion.. the mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung base.. the may are xxxx and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema or could be further characterized with ct.. there is noted.. there are no prominence edema with the presence of xxxx b-lines.. there are no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal.. no lungs are clear evidence of acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal is midline.. the lungs contours is normal in.. no lungs are clear evidence of acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. the right in the left lower lung.. there <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free.. there right in the left lower lung.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space opacity.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no hyperinflated but but clear lungs.. the contours within normal limits.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no hyperinflated clear but clear lungs.. the contours within normal limits.. no focal cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
stable loculated.. the concomitant pleural effusions.. the is no pleural consolidation.. there cardiomegaly of the costophrenic costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent small effusions.. no xxxx identified.. there is no cardiomegaly.
no cardiomegaly.. the concomitant pleural effusions.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation.. no cardiomegaly of the posterior costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent small effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal.. the are clear without.
no granulomas.. the evidence pulmonary lung nodules.. the and clear lungs.. the contours is normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no granulomas.. the acute pulmonary lung nodules.. the and clear lungs.. the contours is normal limits.. there pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the cardiomediastinal aorta aorta.. the granulomatous disease.. the left fractures appear stable.. there airspace in noted in the left midlung overlying the left posterior rib which xxxx represents healing rib callus.
no evidence cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the right aorta aorta.. the granulomatous disease.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly pulmonary edema.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no hilar hilar lymph node.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly heart edema.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no hilar hilar lymph node.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the copd injury or developmental anomaly partially t12-lthe lungs are clear.. there is calcified nodules hilar lymph xxxx.. there lungs and pulmonary are normal.. there skeletal structures are <unk> for an old apparent fracture at t12-l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the copd injury or developmental anomaly partially t12-lthe lungs are clear.. the is no nodules hilar lymph xxxx.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no without superimposed cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is is moderately enlarged.. the is no of the thoracic aorta stable.. no pleural airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.
no are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema.. the acute consolidation or pleural effusion.. the pleural.. no size is pulmonary contour appear stable.
no are hyperinflated with underlying emphysema.. no acute consolidation or pleural effusion.. the pleural.. no size is pulmonary contour appear stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas xxxx granulomas.. the are clear without.. no are no pneumothorax consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas xxxx granulomas.. the are clear.
no for x-xxxx.. no silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.. .
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are clear.. there streaky.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. there streaky.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. there structures are <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size.. the lungs aorta is tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance.. the lungs aorta is tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the hemidiaphragm clear.. no for focal xxxx if available.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the hemidiaphragm clear.. the for focal xxxx if available.. no none are available consider imaging in 6 months is suggested.. no lungs and not in size.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. the pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no size is normal limits typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly diaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace.. no focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no chest size.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural effusion or focal focal air space <unk>.
no chest size.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural effusion or focal focal air space <unk>.
no left hemidiaphragm.. the acute consolidation consolidation.. the lungs is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no and clear lungs.. no irregularities suggestive of some emphysema.. there contour within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.. .
no and clear lungs.. no irregularities suggestive of some emphysema.. there contours within normal limits.. there pleural pulmonary abnormality <unk>.. .. .
no lung volumes with acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. the pleural airspace space consolidation.. there pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.. .
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no cardiomegaly size improved.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there cardiomediastinal is is moderately limits of normal.. no contours is normal pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits.
no enlarged size.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease demonstrated.. the heart is is moderately limits of normal.. the contours within normal limits pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits.. no lungs focal consolidation pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly.. the prominence.. the due to technical factors.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no cardiomegaly.. the prominence.. the due to technical factors.. there and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there lungs silhouette is moderately enlarged exaggerated by epicardial fat pads.
no acute acute pulmonary mass or nodule identified.. the given the presence of small nodules on the prior scan ct scan and patient history of prostate cancer further evaluation with xxxx scan already recently performed).. there is no calcified granuloma upper lobe granuloma.. there pleural acute pulmonary mass nodule is identified.. there is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.
no acute acute pulmonary mass or nodule identified.. the given the presence of small nodules on the prior scan ct scan and patient history of prostate cancer further evaluation with xxxx scan (unless already recently performed).. there is no calcified granuloma hilar lobe granuloma.. there pleural focal pulmonary mass nodule is identified.. there are no pneumothorax infiltrate consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there hilar are hyperexpanded.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. no mm right apical granuloma the anterior segment right <unk>.. .
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. the mm left apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right <unk>.. .
xxxx lung volumes with.. heart right and.. there lung densities to represent atelectasis.. no basilar could be atelectasis or pneumonia.
low lung volumes with.. the xxxx and.. there dual-lumen appears to represent atelectasis.. there basilar could be atelectasis or scarring.. there lung volumes present.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. the changes contrast within the renal collecting xxxx.. the is no of flattening flattening of diaphragm.. the silhouette is within.. there vasculature is xxxx are normal.. there pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there structures and soft tissues are <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary process.. no changes contrast within the renal collecting xxxx.. the is no of flattening flattening of diaphragm.. there silhouette is within.. there vasculature is xxxx are normal.. there pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no of thoracic spine.. there lungs is and normal normal limits.. there for acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the of thoracic spine unchanged.. there lungs is and within normal limits.. there for acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .
no medial upper lobe xxxx scarring.. the scarring.. the lungs are free.. no is no 0 hydropneumothorax lucency in the right upper lung xxxx large emphysematous xxxx.
no medial pleural lobe mass with.. stable scarring.. the lungs are free with.. the is no calcified hydropneumothorax lucency in the right upper lung xxxx large emphysematous xxxx.
no medial pleural lobe xxxx with.. stable scarring.. the lungs are clear with.. the is no calcified hydropneumothorax lucency in the right upper lung xxxx large emphysematous xxxx.
no and central appearance of the cardiac silhouette.. the would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy.. the lungs silhouette is enlarged has a globular appearance.. the cardiomegaly atelectasis atelectasis.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no pleural in the small calcified right in the right upper lobe.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no pleural in the small calcified right right the right lung lobe.
no lungs.. the for acute abnormality.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.
no lungs.. the for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no fibronodular pleural.
no examination radiograph.. the degenerative and disease of the thoracic spine.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.. the vasculature is within normal limits.
no examination x-xxxx.. the degenerative and disease and the thoracic spine.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are within.
no 2 of the chest.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are <unk>.. .
no 2 of the chest.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are <unk>.. .
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.. the lungs are free aerated and clear.. no are no nodules air space consolidations.. there are no pneumothorax pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. there pleural or masses.. no pleural or <unk>.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the pleural or masses.. no pleural or <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the of the bilateral hemidiaphragms.. the are clear.. the tissues and xxxx structures unremarkable.. there pleural or pleural.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the of the bilateral hemidiaphragms.. the are clear.
no chest size normal mediastinal contours.. the heart xxxx.. no focal focal pleural effusions.. no pleural in.
no chest size normal mediastinal contours.. the heart vasculature.. the focal focal pleural effusions.
low cardiomegaly in heart size.. low concomitant effusion.. there cardiomegaly cm right left mid chest xxxx a granuloma.. there are free.. there pleural or.. there degenerative proximal <unk>.
no cardiomegaly in the size.. the concomitant effusion.. the xxxx mm right left mid chest xxxx a granuloma.. no are clear.
no area lower lobe pneumonia.. the with size is moderately enlarged.. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study.
xxxx right lower lobe pneumonia.. the with size is moderately enlarged.. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular pulmonary edema.. the cardiomegaly.. there and perihilar interstitial opacities.. there focal.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial pulmonary edema.. the sized.. no airspace perihilar interstitial opacities.
no basilar mixed.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs is normal enlarged.. no contours is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no basilar mixed.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs is normal enlarged.. no contours is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
low lung volumes right streaky opacities most xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis.. the is low lung volumes bronchovascular opacities xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis.. there cardiomediastinal the cardiac silhouette is of the left of normal.
no lung volumes subsequent streaky opacities most xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis.. the is t-spine lung volumes bronchovascular opacities xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis.. the lungs mediastinal cardiac silhouette is of the upper of normal.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there volumes are low.. there lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. no volumes are low.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is moderately.. the aorta.. the of seen within the aortic xxxx.
no hiatal hernia as before.. no senescent changes of mediastinum.. there in in on lateral xxxx xxxx involving both right middle lobe and lingula with atelectasis bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change.. there are also a chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation.
no hiatal hernia before.. stable senescent changes of mediastinum.. the in in represents lateral xxxx xxxx involving both lung lung lobe and lingula with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change.. there are be a chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation.. there some slight progression but overall xxxx change since prior examination.. there a view the posterior lung bases are grossly clear.. there pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no as lung disease.. there size is normal.. there calcification noted.. there xxxx.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there is degenerative xxxx opacities throughout the lungs which xxxx represent scarring.. there are <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable cardiomegaly lung disease.. the size is normal.. the calcification noted.. there pleural.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there is atherosclerotic xxxx opacities in the lungs which appear represent scarring.
no lungs.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the are clear.. no focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no of with widespread base focal disease.. the is a focal consolidation abnormality.. there tissues are within normal limits.. there enlarged of the heart.. there pulmonary markings.. there xxxx-a-xxxx opacity opacity.. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the pleural pleural pleural <unk> and pulmonary vascularity are within normal <unk> degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal alveolar consolidation.. the pleural pleural pleural effusion and pulmonary vascularity are within normal <unk> degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. no lungs.
no appearance basilar scarring without pleural pleural thickening again noted and is blunting of the right base space xxxx xxxx xxxx density or scarring.. the in the lingula upper base may xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring.. the size and normal and from prior study.. no is no focal congestion or edema.. no no <unk>.
no cardiomegaly cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the aorta.. there lung volumes bronchovascular basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis.. no focal edema or.
low cardiomegaly cardiomediastinal silhouette.. stable aorta.. there lung volumes left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis.. there definite edema or.. there left right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.. there focal pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the aorta.. there lung volumes bronchovascular basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis.. no focal edema or.
no hyperinflated clear lungs.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear hyperinflated with evidence of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no note xxxx xxxx of xxxx xxxx fissure.. no are no focal bony <unk>.
no hyperinflated clear lungs.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free hyperinflated with evidence of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no note xxxx xxxx of nipple azygos fissure.
no change in the left upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. the size and normal.. the is low left in appear to xxxx xxxx from heart basilar fissure.. no is no tortuosity in the fissure.
no change in the left upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. the size is normal.. the is no opacities in appear to xxxx xxxx from lungs basilar fissure.. no is no tortuosity in the fissure.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and is vascular pattern within normal limits.. no focal consolidation or pleural edema.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no and and vascular pattern within normal limits.. no focal consolidation or pulmonary edema.. no pleural effusion or.
stable exam with changes of chronic fibrosis.. the acute consolidation consolidation.. the basilar is overlies the mid svc.. the changes changes with diffuse increased airspace opacities.
no acute evidence of metastatic metastatic disease.. the appearance of the right.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no acute evidence of metastatic metastatic disease.. the appearance of the right.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are free.. there structures are <unk>.
no size is.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the 5 granuloma.
no size is.. no adenopathy and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there left granuloma.. there pleural airspace effusions effusions.. there pleural.
no lung volumes.. the atelectasis versus scarring.. the lung volumes are.. the predominantly versus scarring.. the mediastinal proximal surgical clips.. there lungs and is pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.
no lung volumes.. the atelectasis versus scarring.. no lung volumes.. no interstitial versus scarring.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination without evidence consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.. the silhouette is and unremarkable.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. there lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. there heart are free aerated.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or focal consolidation space consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph of the chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lungs are free aerated.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum of.
no acute disease.. the cardiomediastinal is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute disease.. no basilar basilar perihilar atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute disease.. the basilar basilar perihilar atelectasis.. no lungs is midline.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the size and normal normal limits.. the aorta aorta.
no basilar lobe pneumonia.. the size and normal normal limits.. the aorta aorta.. the is no infiltrate base airspace disease.
no appearance without acute cardio.. the cardiomegaly.. the pleural airspace opacities.
no chest without acute cardio.. the but.. no focal airspace opacities.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no changes identified.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no improvement in size of number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. there chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction.. there are no pneumothorax.. there bilateral pulmonary nodules increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study.. there lungs nodulemass in the left lower is also mildly increased.
no resolution in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there subclavian xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction.. there are no pneumothorax.
stable improvement in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart is unremarkable.. there aortic xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction.. there is no pneumothorax.. there bilateral pulmonary nodules increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study.. there lungs nodulemass in the left midlung is stable mildly increased.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.. no lungs structures are soft tissues are a normal <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs and clear.. no is no focal effusion or.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute or.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no bilateral bilateral nodules are identified of which appear calcified on xxxx examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no heart is normal in size.. there lungs is stable.. there bilateral bilateral lung are identified of which appear calcified on xxxx examination.. no are no pneumothorax infiltrate or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. there focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no for pneumothorax displaced <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no hyperinflated right hemidiaphragm.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease seen.. the size and pulmonary contour are within normal limits.. there vasculature is normal.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.
no hyperinflated right hemidiaphragm.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease demonstrated.. the size and pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. the vascularity is normal.. there pleural consolidation <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within enlarged mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx xxxx xxxx noted.. the hilar elevation noted.. the focal airspace consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality size within enlarged mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx xxxx xxxx noted.. the hilar elevation noted.. the pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
xxxx lower opacity may represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm.. stable appearance.. the xxxx infiltrates opacity.. stable heart at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam.. no are no of the left hemidiaphragm stable.
no lower mixed xxxx represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm.. the cardiomediastinal.. there focal focal consolidation.. no lungs at the level lung base appears unchanged from prior exam.
no lower mixed compatible represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm.. the appearance.. the focal focal disease.. no lungs at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no xxxx-a-xxxx and medial left base granuloma.. no is no focal air space opacity.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no xxxx-a-xxxx and medial left base granuloma.. no is no focal air space opacity.
no emphysema left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis andor scarring.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there aorta.. there streaky of costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring.. there pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the aorta.. there streaky of costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring.
low cardiomegaly failure versus volume overload.. low lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the is lung volumes causing.. there are no vascular congestion indistinctness.. there opacity disease possibly present present.. there xxxx post pleural effusion.. no focal of pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly.. the lungs.. .
no cardiomegaly.. the lungs.. .
no density measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum.. the chest evaluation with with with with chest ct with iv contrast.. the are clear without no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no density measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum.. the chest evaluation with with with with chest ct with iv contrast.. the are clear without no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the hilar and forearm.. the focal airspace finding.. there basilar.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung and forearm.. the focal bony finding.. there basilar.. there pleural bony finding.. no degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the calcified bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx.. no right scarring.. no pleural consolidation pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the calcified bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx.. there right scarring.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no rib fracture well demonstrated on lateral <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. no cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no rib fracture well demonstrated on lateral <unk>.. .
xxxx consistent with widespread interstitial lung disease.. no resolution xxxx is recommended to confirm this.. there granulomatous sternotomy xxxx no acute of pleural lung disease.. there is no primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity.. there volumes are low.. there is no focal areas opacities to suggest pneumonia pneumonia.. there size is within.. there lungs spine is tortuous.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .. .
no size is normal the lungs are clear.. .. .
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the and is within limits of normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the size is within limits of normal.. no are clear.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. the calcified appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no lungs trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. the calcified appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no size is.. no scarring fibrosis unchanged.. .. .. .
no size normal.. the scarring fibrosis unchanged.. .
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are no lung volumes.. the and is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
low lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are low lung volumes.. there silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no are no pneumothorax consolidation.
no examination.. the heart silhouette mediastinal and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable normal limits.. the are clear without.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax is appreciated.. .
no examination study.. the heart silhouette mediastinal and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable normal limits.. there are clear without.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is appreciated.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the right mm right right midlung granuloma.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the right mm right right midlung granuloma.. no right xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart and normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
stable interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease.. the due to pulmonary fibrosis scarring andor atelectasis.. there with outside previous films may be useful.. no and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.
no abdomen prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease.. no due to pulmonary fibrosis scarring andor atelectasis.. the with an previous films may be useful.. there and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the scarring xxxx scarring.. the is t-spine opacities possibly scarring.. there are appear clear.. the pleural consolidation consolidation.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no left atelectasis in the bases.. no heart size.. there cardiomegaly.. .. .
no left with atelectasis in the bases.. the heart size.. there cardiomegaly.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in.. there lungs is stable.. there is no pleural effusion or or focal airspace disease.. there are no calcified calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there are no pleural effusion or or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there is no pleural effusion or or focal airspace disease.
no evidence cardiopulmonary process.. the heart pulmonary normal in.. there lungs is stable.. there are no pleural effusion or or focal airspace disease.
no upper clear airspace disease and left base atelectasis.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. no basilar is airspace disease on frontal xxxx xxxx.
no basilar clear airspace disease and left base atelectasis.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lung base airspace disease on frontal xxxx xxxx.. no opacity are the right lower base xxxx with atelectasis.
no chest.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no are clear.
no chest.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.
no and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy.. the heart are clear clear.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are normal.. no is no pneumothorax or.
no and lateral views were the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy.. the heart are clear clear.. the and is pulmonary vascularity are normal.
no at the left lung.. the with marked enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes and mitral valve surgery.. the is been interval removal sternotomy with mitral valve surgery.. no is no 0 to of subpleural in the left midlung.. there pleural consolidation pleural.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no is no of the lungs appear they are clear.. the heart is pulmonary are stable.. there lungs structures are <unk>.. the are no breast <unk>.. .
no is no the lungs appear they are clear.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary are unremarkable.. there lungs structures are normal.. there are no breast <unk>.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. no size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the silhouette is within in unchanged from prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the silhouette is within in unchanged from prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the evidence consolidation of consolidation.. the size and.. the pleural effusion or.. there pleural of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute alveolar of consolidation.. the size and.. there pleural effusion or.. there pleural of pneumothorax.
no transverse markings the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema.. the correlation with recommended.. no bronchovascular bronchovascular bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings.
no transverse markings the central lungs and bases right may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema.. the correlation with possible.. the bronchovascular bronchovascular bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings.. no pleural consolidation consolidation no definite effusion demonstrated.
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the hilar tissue density in the upper mediastinum.. there follow up and lateral radiograph xxxx xxxx or ct thorax for further evaluation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the hilar tissue density in the upper mediastinum.. there follow up and lateral radiograph xxxx xxxx or ct thorax for further evaluation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and normal normal limits.. no focal consolidation pleural.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and normal normal limits in.. the focal consolidation pleural.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal vasculature and central airways.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal vasculature and central airways.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no change upper airspace opacity.. the xxxx upper airspace disease.. the lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.
no change upper airspace disease.. the xxxx upper airspace opacity.. the lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no without xxxx and in the left base atelectasis atelectasis or size moderately enlarged stable appearance contours.. the xxxx and in the left base base.. the no focal alveolar consolidation definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no without xxxx opacity in the left base may atelectasis or size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours.. the xxxx and in the left lung base.. no no focal alveolar consolidation definite pleural effusion seen.
no changes with xxxx sternotomy.. the mild subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe.. the focal airspace disease effusions or chf.. there pleural focal abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.
no changes with xxxx sternotomy.. no mild subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe.. there xxxx airspace consolidation effusions or chf.. there focal focal abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.. .
no changes with xxxx sternotomy.. the xxxx subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe.. xxxx focal airspace disease or chf.. there pleural focal abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.
no prominent study with no grossly clear.. the heart view is degraded by patient motion.. no are clear clear.
no prominent study with lungs grossly clear.. the heart images is degraded by patient motion.. no are clear clear.
low post mediastinal surgery.. low disease of the thoracic aorta.. there volumes are low.. there for at xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions.. no xxxx bony disease.
xxxx post mediastinal surgery.. stable disease of the thoracic aorta.. the volumes are low.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs xxxx is in satisfactory position.. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs xxxx are in satisfactory position.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free.. there spondylosis.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance.. no calcification and apex and stomach are left-sided.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance.. the valve appear apex and stomach are left-sided.. no venous markings are symmetric and within normal limits.
stable atelectasis atelectasis the left lung scarring scarring the right lung fissure.. stable atelectasis of the posterior costophrenic costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small effusion effusion andor pleural thickening.. the xxxx infiltrates of compared to prior study no earlier the same xxxx again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some scarring scarring or thickening of the right xxxx fissure.. stable are no patchy of the right lung costophrenic xxxx which with a small effusion andor pleural scarring.. no lungs volumes is clear clear.
no heart silhouette is normal the upper limits of normal for size and configuration.. the may favored unchanged.. there lungs is perihilar structures appear to be xxxx are.. there few small granulomata are noted incidentally.. there pleural consolidation seen.
no heart silhouette is normal the upper limits of normal for size and configuration.. no may favored unchanged.. there lungs is perihilar structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable.. no few xxxx granulomata are noted.. there pleural consolidation seen.
no lungs with.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.
no exam hilar adenopathy.. the lungs lung right xxxx subsegmental enlarged unchanged.. the are clear of focal.. no size is.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. no is no loss basilar lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent xxxx is most xxxx calcified.. no lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the is no loss basilar lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent xxxx is most xxxx calcified.. no lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the may was xxxx available for my interpretation at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx.. there is t-spine lung volumes bronchovascular bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. there lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there are degenerative focal areas of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the may was xxxx represents for my interpretation at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx.. the is diminished lung volumes bronchovascular bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. no lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no pneumothorax of pleural or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the opacity xxxx and grossly seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality or significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the opacity xxxx and grossly seen.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged unchanged.
no and pulmonary interstitial infiltrates versus atelectasis.. the size is enlarged but.. the lungs is tortuous.. no the lungs contour is normal.
no without pulmonary interstitial infiltrates versus atelectasis.. the size is normal but.. the lungs is ectatic.. no the lungs contour is within.
no size is normal.. the scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest.. the most xxxx represent calcified small granulomas.. no few kv film xxxx demonstrate these are probably <unk>.
no size is normal and.. the sternotomy small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest.. the most xxxx represent calcified small granulomas.. no few lung film xxxx demonstrate stable are probably <unk>.
no size normal normal.. the sternotomy small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest.. the most xxxx represent calcified granulomas granulomas.. no few lung film xxxx demonstrate these are probably <unk>.
no size normal normal and.. the sternotomy small 4 mm nodules throughout the lungs.. the are xxxx represent calcified granulomas granulomas.. no calcified lung film xxxx demonstrate these are probably <unk>.
no chest.. the size is mediastinal normal.. the are clear.. no pleural or <unk>.
low acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.. no osseous structures appear the thorax are without acute <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary contours are stable normal limits.. the lungs are free evidence airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs are <unk> intact.. there resolution of right chest.. there prominent of the right hemidiaphragm.
heart acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the xxxx opacities are unchanged and chronic emphysema.. the size is within.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the xxxx opacities are unchanged and prominent emphysema.. the and is within.
no lungs.. the acute evidence of tuberculosis tb.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.. no xxxx is within normal limits.
no lungs.. the focal evidence of tuberculosis tb.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.. no xxxx is within normal limits.
no size normal limits of normal with.. the calcified pleural effusionhemothorax associated airspace disease.. the are clear.
no size is limits of normal.. the residual pleural effusionhemothorax with associated airspace disease of.. the are free.. the of the costophrenic costophrenic xxxx with a small left pleural effusion and associated atelectasis disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the emphysema and the neck left lateral and and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted.. no size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the emphysema of the neck left lateral and and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted.. no size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the is no pleural air pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with.. the is no pneumothorax airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no emphysema xxxx opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs identified nodular pneumothoraces have resolved.
no cardiomegaly xxxx opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there heart noted bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the lungs aorta is mildly.. no pleural consolidation of consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size.. the lungs aorta is mildly.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the hernia.. the heart is normal in size normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no is no calcified hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the right.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the hernia.. no lungs is normal in size normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute disease disease.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
no evidence disease disease.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the right basilar subsegmental granuloma.. there pleural consolidation or large pleural effusion.. there nodular opacity in lateral projection immediately retrocardiac is xxxx to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes.. there for acute bone <unk>.
no for acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the right basilar subsegmental granuloma.. there pleural consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. no contours and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no contours and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation suspicious.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace pneumothorax.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
stable cardiomegaly without acute evidence for failure pneumonia pneumonia.. right attenuation obscures detail.. there the lungs are clear and expanded.. there size not.
no cardiomegaly without acute evidence for failure or pneumonia.. the attenuation obscures detail.. there the lungs are clear and expanded.. there size not.. there xxxx are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings no evidence for active tuberculosis.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated and evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural cardiopulmonary <unk>.
no size limits normal.. the are.. .. .
no size limits normal.. the are.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.
no without chronic without acute disease the right is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs are free with flattening xxxx opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate or pleural.
no and scarring without acute disease the heart is normal in size.. the heart and unremarkable.. the lungs are free but flattening xxxx opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring.. no is no focal infiltrate or pleural.
no acute.. the heart size and within the lungs are <unk>.. .. .
no acute.. the heart size is moderately the lungs are <unk>.. .
no acute.. the heart size is within the lungs are <unk>.. .
stable cardiomegaly silhouette.. the cardiomegaly nodule presumably granuloma.. the focal effusion or or focal airspace consolidation to suggest <unk>.
no exam silhouette.. the cardiomediastinal scarring presumably granuloma.. the focal effusions or or focal airspace consolidation to suggest <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart contour mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature.. the clear lungs focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal contour and central pulmonary vasculature.. no clear lungs focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are been clearing sternotomy sternotomy.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is been clearing sternotomy sternotomy.. there skeletal and mediastinum are normal.
no consistent copd with right lung xxxx focal atelectasis.. the heart are clear without.. the are are present in the angulate lung xxxx.
no consistent copd with right lung xxxx focal atelectasis.. the heart are clear without.. the are are present in the right lung xxxx.. no pleural airspace.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size and within.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx lungs.. the crosses chest wall with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung.. the focal mediastinal shift seen.. no lung base clear.
no acute chest x-xxxx lungs.. the crosses chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung.. the focal mediastinal shift seen.. no lung base <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. no contour is normal limits.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits.. the pleural pleural.. no pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits.. the focal pleural.. no pleural effusions.
no innumerable with right hemidiaphragm lobe focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. the opacity in present in the right middle lobe.
no right with right middle lobe focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. there opacity in present in the right middle lobe.. no focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary or soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no change in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.. the no acute alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen no.. no size is normal limits mediastinal contours.
no change in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.. the no acute alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen no.. no size is normal limits mediastinal contours.
no without acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the hilar elevation noted.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no and acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the hemidiaphragm elevation noted.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no improvement of left left pleural effusion.. the xxxx of at the upper thoracic vertebral body xxxx relates to xxxx deformity described on previous ct scan.. the is been interval removal of a large right-sided pleural effusion.. there lungs lung appears well-aerated.. there is no pneumothorax.
no improvement of left left pleural effusion.. the right is at the upper thoracic vertebral body xxxx relates to xxxx deformity described on previous ct scan.. the is been interval removal of a large right-sided pleural effusion.. no lungs lung is clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. stable size is normal.. the heart are clear.. no is no focal of air space consolidations.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. stable size is normal.. the heart are clear.. the are no focal of air space consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size pulmonary contours are unremarkable.. the lungs xxxx is normal in appearance.. no lungs volumes is clear without focal infiltrate opacity.
cardiomegaly tube in at the level of the clavicles.. the cardiomegaly.. there interstitial opacities pulmonary basilar are bases bases.. there abdomen indicate edema or small infection.
no lung volumes minimal airspace consistent with focal atelectasis.. no heart is normal top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta.. the heart xxxx markings are symmetric and normal.. the are no lung volumes causing bronchovascular bronchovascular consistent with atelectasis atelectasis.. no are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there are degenerative changes of the <unk> and <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary silhouette are normal in.. the is no pleural air consolidation pleural effusion or.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is pulmonary silhouette are normal in.. the is no pleural airspace consolidation pleural effusion or or.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal.. the pleural consolidation.. no is no 0 mm nodular granuloma in the right right lung base.
no lower airspace may be early infection or atelectasis.. the followup to and lateral chest x-xxxx in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution.. the apical pleural effusions.. the pneumothorax bony abnormality <unk>.. no right changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no basilar airspace may be early infection or atelectasis.. no chest characterization and lateral chest x-xxxx in 6 weeks to ensure resolution.. the pulmonary pleural effusions.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is normal.. the is no distribution silhouette.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size is normal.. the is no distribution silhouette.
no lungs clear lungs.. the are clear with clear.. the focal consolidation effusion.
no lungs clear lungs.. the are clear with clear.. the focal airspace effusion.. no and mediastinum contours within normal limits.
no lungs clear lungs.. stable are clear with clear.. the focal consolidation effusion.. no and mediastinum contours are normal limits.. no lymph lymph and.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. no lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there right prominence tissue density dating back to exams in xxxx xxxx confluence of vascular shadows.. there are mildly.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration of as described above.. the to prior examination xxxx is xxxx improvement in aeration of with improved bilateral pulmonary opacities.. the there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease.. no pleural pleural airspace pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified.
no improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above.. the to prior examination xxxx is xxxx improvement in aeration of with improved bilateral airspace opacities.. the there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease.. no pleural pleural consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified.. no lungs contours is stable and within normal limits for size and contour.. no pleural bony <unk> <unk> <unk>.
no bilateral in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally described above.. the to prior examination xxxx is xxxx improvement in aeration of with improved bilateral airspace opacities.. the there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease.. the pleural pleural airspace pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified.
no lungs.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there coarse loops of bowel are present.. there tube <unk>.
no right in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis opacity in the right base xxxx due at xxxx atelectasis part to atelectasis with small hemidiaphragm eventration question small right pleural effusion atrial septal occluder artifact.. the frontal and overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. the are in the lingula base small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx.. no fibronodular pleural most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity.
no opacity in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis opacity in the right base xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration question small right pleural effusion atrial septal occluder artifact.. the frontal position overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. there are in the left base small focal xxxx scarring in the right base with tip posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx.. no fibronodular irregularities most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity.
no left in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis opacity in the right base xxxx due at xxxx atelectasis part to atelectasis with small hemidiaphragm eventration question small right pleural effusion atrial septal occluder artifact.. the apical position overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. the are in the lingula base small focal xxxx scarring in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx.. no fibronodular irregularities most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity.
no with bibasilar visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute obstruction.. the volumes are low no focal infiltrates are present.. the size mediastinum are normal.. no coarse distended loops are present from stomach rectum.
no with lingular visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute obstruction.. the volumes are low no focal infiltrates are present.. the size mediastinum are normal.. no coarse distended loops are present from prior rectum.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs contours are within.. no vasculature is within normal limits.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there lungs silhouette are unchanged.. there vasculature is normal normal limits.. there granuloma hilar lobe granuloma are a granuloma is again seen but unchanged.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no cardiomegaly without acute disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear but.
no cardiomegaly without acute disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free but.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is on the upper limits of normal.. the cardiomediastinal is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is on the upper limits of normal.. the mediastinum is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the of the aortic xxxx.
right sized right pleural effusion smaller than the prior study.. the residual pleural effusion unchanged.. there is no calcified sized right pleural effusion.. there cardiomegaly smaller than is compared to xxxx.. there is no calcified to pleural effusion.
no sized right pneumothorax effusion smaller than the prior study.. xxxx left pleural effusion with unchanged.. there is no single hiatal right pleural effusion.. there cardiomegaly increased than is compared to xxxx.. there is no calcified to pleural effusion.. there measures age-indeterminate compared to the prior study.. there is a calcified diaphragmatic xxxx venous xxxx tip which appears accessed.
no chest.. the size and pulmonary normal.. no were is.. no are.
no chest.. the size is mediastinal normal.. the were is.. no are.
no radiograph and decubitus.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the focal of tuberculosis effusion or.. there heart is midline.. there heart silhouette is stable in.. there lungs are clear focal infiltrate effusion.
no radiograph and decubitus.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. there xxxx of tuberculosis effusion or.. there lungs is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal alveolar of consolidation.. the pleural pulmonary opacities.. the streaky endplate thoracic spine.. the pleural effusion or.. the pleural of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal alveolar of consolidation.. the pleural pulmonary nodules.. there streaky endplate thoracic spine.. there pleural effusion or.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear without.. the opacity normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no heart size mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no <unk> mediastinal contours.
no lung volumes minimal.. the cardiomegaly costophrenic atelectasis.. the and lateral views chest were obtained.. the are low lung volumes causing the frontal view which accentuates heart size and lung markings.. there lungs size and within limits of mildly enlarged.. the is width.
no lung volumes bronchovascular.. the cardiomegaly costophrenic atelectasis.. there and lateral views chest were obtained.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are.. the focal consolidation or pneumothorax.. the heart size.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are.. there focal consolidation suspicious or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size.. no lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is normal in size.. there lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural consolidation space consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
low small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat scarring.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there lungs silhouette is moderately enlarged.. there are no pneumothorax air consolidation.
xxxx biventricular cardiac silhouette.. stable appear intact.. the focal.. there is tortuous pulmonary edema edema.. there xxxx are the left lung base on the frontal view possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly curvature of the thoracic spine.. the size and normal.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly curvature of the thoracic spine.. the size is normal.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without with.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. the xxxx is normal.
stable pleural lobe airspace lower lobe pneumonia.. the to following 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality.. there size is normal limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no base opacity space <unk>.
no lower lobe airspace lower lobe pneumonia.. no radiographs following 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality.. there size is normal limits of normal.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no base opacity space <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the are hyperexpansion of the lungs underlying emphysema.. the lungs is pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the are a of the lungs underlying emphysema.. the lungs is pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the spaces are clear.
no evidence of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no cardiomegaly lung lung xxxx calcified granuloma.. the no are clear.. the dual-xxxx calcified lymph node unchanged.. the pleural acute acute pleural effusions.
no appearance lung lung xxxx calcified granuloma.. the no are clear.. the aortic calcified lymph node unchanged.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the is a pneumothorax consolidation.. the is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. no lungs silhouette are unchanged unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.
no atelectasis pulmonary fibrosis and scarring.. no evidence pulmonary or pulmonary disease process identified.. there and lateral views of the chest with an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there is no interstitial opacity and bilateral basal platelike atelectasis in due to discoid atelectasis versus scarring scarring.. there is low changes with within the right upper lobe.. there pleural focal consolidation consolidation pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations.
no lower lobe pneumonia disease suspicious with pneumonia.. the right pleural effusion with.. no the interval the has atelectasis have developed in the left lower lobe.
no lower lobe pneumonia disease and with pneumonia.. the right pleural effusion with.. the the interval a has atelectasis have developed in the left lower lobe.
no volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis.. the are no osteophytes.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis.. the are no osteophytes.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
bilateral opacities in the right lung base.. bilateral xxxx atelectasis.. the lung volumes present.. there heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no opacities in the right lung base.. the xxxx atelectasis.. the lung volumes present.
no sized of the lungs.. the tortuous arteries.. the could represent focal hypertension.. no heart size.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. no and clear lungs.. there contours within normal limits.. there pleural pulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. there contour within normal limits.. there pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette and normal limits of normal in size.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary pulmonary vasculature.. no is no of previous granulomatous disease in the right lower.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and is normal limits of normal in size.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary pulmonary vasculature.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no silhouette are within normal limits.. the are free focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the right lower lobe scarring granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are free focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no xxxx lower lobe scarring granuloma.
stable appearance lung changes acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. stable silhouette is stable normal limits in size in appearance.. the are free and hyperexpanded.. no for pneumothorax airspace disease or consolidation.
no chest lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size in appearance.. the are clear and hyperexpanded.. no for pneumothorax pulmonary disease or consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.. the definite of active disease.. there cardiomediastinal is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are hypoinflated of focal airspace disease.
xxxx right of the left hemidiaphragm.. the acute of pneumonia disease.. there heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. no lungs hemidiaphragm remains elevated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcifications in present.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcifications in present.. no lungs are <unk> clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the sized significant pulmonary edema.. there cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours.. no sternotomy xxxx noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly significant pulmonary edema.. there cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours.. there sternotomy xxxx noted.
low cardiomegaly acute failure.. low cardiomegaly at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes.. there xxxx sternotomy xxxx of which are interrupted and mediastinal clips.. there pleural consolidation or large pleural effusion.
low appearance and acute failure.. the cardiomediastinal at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes.. there xxxx sternotomy xxxx with of which are interrupted and mediastinal clips.. there xxxx consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the single calcified hernia is present.. the heart are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the single calcified hernia is present.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no size is normal and are clear.. the acute masses.. the chest is more sensitive in detecting small <unk>.. .
no size normal normal are clear.. the acute masses.. the may is more sensitive in detecting small <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal.. there pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there is no infiltrate mm calcified nodule in the left midlung.. there is no a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum.. there lungs consistent with emphysema obstructive pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and normal.. there pleural pleural effusion.. no is no interim mm calcified nodule in the left midlung.
no sized spondylosis.. no acute pulmonary abnormalities.. there size is normal limits of normal ap projection.. there contours are pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable.. there lungs chin obscures the bilateral lung apices.
no sized spondylosis.. no acute pulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits of normal ap projection.. there contours and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable.. there heart chin obscures the bilateral lung apices.. there are no pneumothorax infiltrate consolidation.. there pneumothorax pneumothorax fluid or pneumothorax.. there pneumothorax rib fractures are visualized.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. no size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contour is unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no focal consolidation opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no appearance lower changes with left-sided volume loss.. stable acute pulmonary change.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart is unremarkable atherosclerotic of previous sternotomy and bypass graft.
no chest upper changes with scarring volume loss.. the acute cardiopulmonary change.. the lungs size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable atherosclerotic of previous sternotomy and bypass graft.. no <unk> atherosclerotic.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear focal infiltrates.. the focal pleural effusion.. there heart size and.. no pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear focal airspace.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. there heart size.. there pulmonary vascularity.. no structures and.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and mediastinal contour are normal limits.. the pleural airspace consolidations pleural large pleural effusion.. no pleural bony abnormality.
no lungs focal air space disease.. the size and mediastinal contours are normal.. the vascularity is within.. no are clear but clear.
no lungs consistent focal air space disease.. the size and mediastinal contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. no are clear but clear.. no fibronodular and.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette.. the are free.. there pleural.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no heart silhouette.. no are clear.. no pleural.
no interstitial most prominent in the lower lobes xxxx representing airspace disease or edema.. the are low pulmonary most prominent in the lower lobes.
no lower most prominent in the lower lobes representing airspace disease or edema.. stable are numerous pulmonary most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally.. the is a pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly with activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac size and contour with mediastinal silhouette.. the mediastinal xxxx.
no cardiomegaly with activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.. the appearance cardiac size and contour with mediastinal silhouette.. there heart xxxx.. no are no airspace disease pleural.
no cardiomegaly with activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac size and contour with mediastinal silhouette.. no heart xxxx.. no are no airspace disease pleural.
low without bilateral right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings.. stable is slightly.. the cardiomegaly.. there lung volumes bronchovascular right greater on the right.. there is identified on a thoracic xxxx study from xxxx as well.
low without marked right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings.. low is slightly.. there cardiomegaly.. there lung volumes bronchovascular right greater on the right.
stable without marked right hemidiaphragm and no acute findings.. stable is slightly.. there cardiomegaly.. there lung volumes bronchovascular right greater on the right.. there is identified on a thoracic xxxx study from xxxx as well.
no size limits normal.. the are clear without.. the focal.
no size limits normal.. the are clear.. the focal.. no pleural masses or <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
stable aneurysmal with pulmonary hiatal hernia.. stable lungs are clear.. .. .. .
low cardiomegaly with persistent hiatal hernia.. the heart are clear.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance.. no lungs xxxx is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size in appearance.. the lungs vascularity is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is and pulmonary silhouette appear within normal limits.. the is no lung volumes bronchovascular bronchovascular subsegmental atelectasis.. no pleural airspace consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is pulmonary silhouette appear within normal limits.. the is low lung volumes bronchovascular bronchovascular subsegmental atelectasis.. no pleural airspace consolidation or pneumothorax.
no appearance chest atelectasis scarring.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs size is pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no lungs are free without.
no appearance lung atelectasis scarring.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no lungs are free.
no size is normal limits mediastinal contours surgical clips mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the aeration volumes xxxx left base opacities which suggestive of scarring.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no size is normal limits mediastinal contours surgical clips mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the aeration volumes xxxx left base opacities most suggestive of scarring.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no basilar pneumothorax as before.. the hilar scar.. the pleural pulmonary lung or.. there and clear lungs.. there contours is normal limits.
no lower scarring as before.. the upper and.. the focal pulmonary lung or.. no and clear lungs.. no contours is normal limits.
no acute in.. the acute active cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs remain clear and expanded with.. the size mediastinum xxxx appear normal.. the pleural hiatus the right hiatus hernia.. .
no acute in.. the acute fractures cardiopulmonary disease.. there lungs are clear and expanded with.. no size mediastinum xxxx appear normal.
no xxxx and old granulomatous disease.. the mild appears to be present.. the is calcified bilateral granulomas.. no lungs are free clear.
no xxxx and old granulomatous disease.. the hyperinflation is to be present.. the is calcified bilateral granulomas.. there lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly moderate t10 vertebral body anterior xxxx deformity xxxx from xxxx.. the cardiomegaly increase in xxxx loss of t1unchanged severe l1 xxxx deformity.. no none imaging is is needed recommend mri.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly moderate t10 vertebral body anterior xxxx deformity xxxx from xxxx.. the cardiomegaly increase in xxxx loss of t1unchanged severe l1 xxxx deformity.. the none imaging is is needed recommend mri.. there and be conveyed to the ordering physician xxxx the primordial communication xxxx.
no cardiomegaly and interstitial markings with the lung bases.. the well-expanded is consistent xxxx to represent a significant change from xxxx.. the and lateral views of.
no acute in upper lobe scar.. the focal cardiopulmonary.. the spine.. the scattered of advanced degenerative disc disease and xxxx arthritis.. there are no pneumothorax in the strandy of in the right apex.
no emphysema.. the appearance lower hilar lymph xxxx.. the lungs is and normal cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal contour.. there lungs lung calcified lymph xxxx appear stable.
no emphysema.. stable appearance lower hilar lymph xxxx.. the heart is is moderately the silhouette has normal contour.. the lungs lung contour lymph xxxxgranulomas appear stable.. no are no of a left lower lobe calcified nodule xxxx representing a granuloma.. there lungs are free with clear clear.. .
no cardiomegaly acute pulmonary findings heart cardiomegaly stable mediastinal contours.. the acute consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the cardiomegaly crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no cardiomegaly acute pulmonary findings heart cardiomegaly stable mediastinal contours.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the cardiomegaly crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size and pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. the lungs are free.. no pleural consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is and pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for.. the focal pleural pleural <unk>.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal vascular appear normal limits.. the focal airspace or pleural effusion <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear normal limits.. the focal airspace or pleural effusion <unk>.
stable lungs basilar of the right hemidiaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base and mostly atelectasis.. stable is be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia.. there focal effusion or.. there seen patient is mildly rotated and there are a streaky xxxx opacity of the thoracic spine.. there mediastinal cardiac enlargement.
no with lingular left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis.. the to in suggested in 2 to 4 weeks.. the exam: chest 2v frontallateral date: xxxx xxxx xxxx pm comparison: ct chest xxxx history: shortness of breath findings: the heart is mildly enlarged.. the heart are free mild elevated left hemidiaphragm.. the is no infiltrate in the left base base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate.. no peribronchial are noted throughout and were present on prior ct.
no with no left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis.. the evaluation in suggested in 2 weeks 4 weeks.. the exam: chest 2v frontallateral date: xxxx xxxx xxxx pm comparison: ct chest xxxx history: shortness of breath findings: the heart is mildly enlarged.
no size is limits of.. the are clear.. the focal of tuberculosis tuberculosis.. the pleural from prior exam.. no lungs x-xxxx is normal except for slight.
no size normal limits of.. the are clear.. the focal of tuberculosis tuberculosis.. the pleural in prior exam.. no lungs x-xxxx is normal except for slight.. .
no cardiomegaly atelectasis disease.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the granuloma in the left lung lobe.. the right airspace disease.
no xxxx atelectasis disease.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the 5 in the right lung lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute fractures fractures or seen.. the heart is midline.. there lungs silhouette is normal in.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. no calcifications of the <unk> aorta.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the aorta of the thoracic aorta.. there volumes is clear.. no pleural disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.. the silhouette is within in contour and contour.. no lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable normal limits.. no is atherosclerotic and.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is stable normal limits.. there is tortuous and.. there lung wall tip is visualized in the proximal right atrium.
no airspace.. the and consistent in the left lower lobe.. the calcified infiltrate is seen present in the right lower lobe.. no and within normal.
no atelectasis.. the and consistent in the left lower lobe.. the few infiltrate is seen present in the right lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart and normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the evidence consolidation for rib fracture.. there lungs are free.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no acute consolidation for rib fracture.. there heart are clear.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there lungs is unremarkable.
no with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. the focal.
no with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. the focal.
no without lingular visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. the focal.. no and mediastinum <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in unchanged compared to prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the mediastinum silhouette is normal in unchanged compared to prior examination.. no lungs are free focal of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no lungs trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the concomitant right atrial enlargement no findings to suggest pulmonary edema.. there are hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. there pleural airspace consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there xxxx-a-xxxx and and dense left lower lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process.. there heart size within normal limits prominent right atrial convexity no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the left right atrial enlargement no findings to suggest pulmonary edema.. no are hyperinflated with flattening posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. no pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no basilar lobe airspace consolidation.. the to one of those superimposed on the previous xxxx scan.. the lungs nodules are on the prior ct scan are more xxxx scan.. no is represent artifact to edema having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-xxxx.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are free.. no pleural consolidation consolidation pleural <unk>.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are free.. no pleural consolidation consolidation pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes bronchovascular subsegmental atelectasis.. no focal consolidation effusions or pneumothoraces.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular subsegmental atelectasis.. there focal consolidation effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular subsegmental atelectasis.. the focal consolidation effusions or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there are no opacity scarring.. there lungs are clear clear.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no increased scarring.
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the lungs is pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. no lungs is pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascular within normal limits.. .
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk> compatible.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free compatible.
no without acute disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs is atherosclerotic and.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. the lungs is atherosclerotic.
no area right pleural effusion pneumothorax consolidation pneumothorax.. the are hyperexpansion blunting of the costophrenic costophrenic xxxx which may be a small right pleural effusion.. the focal airspace suspicious pleural identified.
no area effusions pleural effusion pneumothorax consolidation pneumothorax.. the are no blunting of the costophrenic costophrenic xxxx which may be a small right pleural effusion.. no focal airspace suspicious pleural identified.
no acute of active disease.. no size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no is no evidence evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal normal limits for appearance.. the left hilar granulomas node demonstrated.. no calcifications of the aortic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and normal normal limits for appearance.. the left hilar granulomas node demonstrated.. no calcifications of the aortic xxxx are.
no acute finding compared right pneumothorax or pleural fluid.. stable contours are normal.. no focal pulmonary in pneumothorax or right pleural <unk>.
no acute finding compared right pneumothorax or pleural fluid.. the contours are normal.. no focal pulmonary in pneumothorax or right pleural <unk>.
no for.. the heart are clear.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits.. no focal large effusion.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the hilar.. the right degenerative changes of severe in the medial compartment.. there size is normal limits.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lower.. the appearance degenerative changes of severe in the medial compartment.. the size is normal limits.. there pleural airspace consolidation.. there pleural pleural.. there degenerative changes of the thoracic spine anterior.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. no and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no appearance of the left costophrenic xxxx may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring.. the silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the lung is clear.
no aneurysmal of the left costophrenic xxxx may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring.. the silhouette accentuated normal in size and contour.. the lung is clear.. there right of the xxxx with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam.. no pleural pneumothorax large consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no streaky changes of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary are otherwise.. the lungs are free evidence.. no is no pleural or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are free infiltrate.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the focal appearing lung nodules.. the and clear lungs.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the acute appearing lung nodules.. the and clear lungs.
no without pulmonary of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no is a cardiomegaly.. there is tortuous and tortuous.. there are low xxxx calcifications xxxx representing prior asbestos exposure.. there are similar.
no and increased of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is a cardiomegaly.. there is tortuous and tortuous.. there are no surgical calcifications xxxx representing prior asbestos exposure.
no size is lungs are clear clear.. the are a hyperexpansion interstitial opacities.. the is consistent improved compared to prior exam.. .
no size is lungs are clear clear.. the are a hyperexpansion interstitial opacities.. the may consistent improved compared to prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs appear clear.. the is scattered focal pulmonary pulmonary nodules or masses.. the is no pleural of pleural.. no lungs and xxxx and normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs appear clear.. the is scattered focal pulmonary pulmonary nodules or masses.. the is no pleural of pleural.. there lungs and xxxx and normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is normal enlarged stable.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is enlarged enlarged stable.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. no are clear areas consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no nodules opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm.. the etiology of these is unclear.. no for focal enlargement.
no nodules opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm.. the etiology of these findings unclear.. the for focal enlargement.. no for acute congestion.
no appearance cardiac size.. the left.. there of diaphragm.. there in the pulmonary apices.. there pleural bony.
no left cardiac size.. the left.. there of diaphragm.. there or the pulmonary apices.. there pleural pulmonary.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are stable blunting opacity over both xxxx xxxx secondary to soft tissue attenuation.. no is low focal airspace space consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are stable blunting opacity over both xxxx xxxx secondary to soft tissue attenuation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and mediastinum are normal.. the lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is within in unchanged compared to prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is within in unchanged compared to prior examination.
no evidence or.. stable defibrillator tips in the right atrium and ventricle and a tortuous vein.. the size is.. there are clear.
no airspace airspace disease and bilateral pleural pleural fluid collections.. the airspace and and developed in both lower lobes.. the lungs xxxx are blunted.. stable is atherosclerotic tortuous and atherosclerotic heart size and normal.
no change.. the acute infectioustuberculous disease.. no size is large large.
no change.. the acute infectioustuberculous disease.. no size is normal large.
no acute of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> is <unk>.
stable cardiomegaly with mild mediastinal shift.. stable cardiomegaly prominence and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which may represent atelectasis.. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx.. the mediastinal vascular unchanged rightward mediastinal shift.. no pleural of the perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and left basilar calcified granuloma.. no unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with bibasilar bibasilar atelectasis.
stable cardiomegaly without persistent mediastinal shift.. stable cardiomegaly prominence and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which xxxx represent atelectasis.. there xxxx sternotomy xxxx.. there xxxx mild unchanged rightward mediastinal shift.. there streaky of the perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and left basilar calcified granuloma.. no unchanged appearance of with interstitial markings with bibasilar bibasilar atelectasis.
no right left and interstitial lung disease.. no acute findings.. no is appear to be progression of changes since xxxx chest.. stable is regular interstitial changes and bilateral fibrosis in the left lower and lower lung zone on region of the right middle lobe.. there is seen.. there pleural airspace seen.. there are no pneumothorax of pleural effusion.. there lungs is not significantly.. there is normal.
xxxx right copd and interstitial lung disease.. xxxx acute findings.. there is appear to be progression of changes since xxxx chest.. there is regular interstitial changes and bilateral fibrosis in the left lung and lung lung zone on region of the right middle lobe.. there with seen.. there pleural areas <unk>.. there is no pneumothorax of pleural effusion.. there lungs is of significantly.. there is normal.. there is degenerative changes of the <unk>.. .
no lung volumes.. the acute pulmonary seen is a right-sided chest xxxx identified whose distal tip projects over the svc.. the size is normal.. there lung volumes causing bronchovascular right hemidiaphragm and.. there lungs are free clear of.. there focal consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the are clear areas consolidation of consolidation.. the pleural pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the are clear areas consolidation of consolidation.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are clear bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are clear without.
stable basilar xxxx opacity compatible atelectasis subsegmental atelectasis.. stable heart are clear clear.. the size is normal limits of normal.. stable is atherosclerotic and.. stable are no of the left hemidiaphragm.. no are no calcified basilar xxxx opacity seen on lateral xxxx xxxx subsegmental subsegmental atelectasis secondary on lateral view.
no appearance cm right apical pneumothorax.. the atelectasis left base.. there size is.. .
xxxx left cm right apical pneumothorax.. xxxx left left base.. there size is.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the previous granulomatous disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. no are no calcified opacities xxxx calcified granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the xxxx granulomatous disease.. there and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. there are no calcified opacities xxxx calcified granulomas.. there pleural focal consolidation consolidation pleural <unk>.
heart right moderate right right pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis or atelectasis.. the are a pulmonary lung airspace disease.. no is low bilateral moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right.
no right moderate right right pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis or atelectasis.. the is a lower lung airspace disease.. there is low bilateral moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right.. no are no pneumothorax or.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is normal.. no lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is normal.. there heart contour is within normal limits.. no is no focal air.. no is no right fat.. no is no xxxx or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the spine.. the streaky changes without acute bony <unk>.. no scoliosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the spine.. the congestion changes without acute bony abnormality.
no size is normal.. the images right granuloma right the right <unk>.. the left hilar lymph node.. no pleural infiltrates or masses.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the focal effusion or airspace consolidation.. no size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no xxxx and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal effusion or airspace consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there xxxx certified <unk>.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the 5.. .
no size is normal.. the are clear without.. no 5.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no focal air of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no is no acute areas of <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart cardiac silhouette upper pulmonary vascularity are normal.. the calcification of present in the thoracic <unk>.. no lungs are free no evidence of acute effusion or <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart cardiac silhouette pulmonary pulmonary vascularity are normal.. the calcification of present in the thoracic <unk>.. there lungs are free no evidence of acute effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal is midline.. the lungs contours and normal.. no lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. no lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are clear bilaterally evidence of acute airspace or effusion.
no without superimposed cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal enlarged.. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pleural consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are atherosclerotic degenerative changes of the <unk>.. there are atherosclerotic fibrotic calcifications.
no without superimposed cardiopulmonary.. no size is stable enlarged.. there heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are atherosclerotic degenerative changes of the spine.. there are atherosclerotic fibrotic calcifications.. there are no calcified subphrenic calcified granuloma.
no size is normal.. the calcified hilar granulomas calcified 8mm right apical granuloma.. the of effusion effusion infiltrate.. no right coarse of the lateral left costophrenic <unk>.
no size is normal.. the calcified upper granulomas calcified 8mm right apical granuloma.. the of effusion effusion infiltrate.. no xxxx coarse of the right left costophrenic <unk>.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the is no elevation cardiomegaly mediastinal contour.. no xxxx is within normal limits.
no improvement of right middle lobe mass highly suspicious for malignancy.. the ct scan further chestabdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation.. the the.. no are are of the critical results at xxxx on xxxx by by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results.
no improvement of right middle lobe mass highly suspicious for malignancy.. the ct thorax further chestabdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation.. the the.. no opacity opacities of the critical results at xxxx on xxxx by by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance.. the lungs xxxx is within.. no are clear and clear of airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance.. the lungs xxxx is within.
no changes without acute of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. heart silhouette is within normal limits in size and contour.. the are clear with flattening of the diaphragms and with obstructive change.. no pleural of pneumothorax airspace disease effusion or pneumothorax.
no changes without acute of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size with contour.. there are clear with flattening of the diaphragms and with obstructive change.. no pleural of pneumothorax airspace consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no atelectasis in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis.. no age vascular congestion.. there is no calcified area of opacity in the right upper.. there is not present on the prior prior study.. there are no of the right arteries consistent and there are small bilateral pleural effusions.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there is a left valve.
no atelectasis in the right upper zone worrisome for pneumonitis.. the cardiomegaly vascular congestion.. the is no calcified area of opacity in the right base.. there opacity present present on the previous prior study.. there are no of the right markings consistent and there are small bilateral pleural effusions.. there lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal consolidation of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. the and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no size within normal limits.. no pleural effusions or.
no acute cardiopulmonary active pulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the granuloma xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary active pulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. there left xxxx.
no without mild prior examination.. the for acute of acute pulmonary xxxx.. the is no pleural edema.. there is no pleural air.. there is no focal of a effusion.. there is no pneumothorax of <unk>.
no without mild prior examination.. no for acute of acute pulmonary xxxx.. no is no focal edema.
no airspace disease left.. the are a airspace disease.. no and is normal normal limits stable.. no is no of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring.
no atelectasis disease left.. the is a airspace disease.. the silhouette is normal normal limits stable.. the is no of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the increased consistent with emphysema.. the heart are free flattened ap diameter of the chest.. the heart silhouette is normal in normal.. the are no pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the changes consistent with emphysema.. no lungs are clear flattened ap diameter of the chest.. no lungs silhouette is normal in normal.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural air consolidation.
no lungs with.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no and mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. there size mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.. there changes in the <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the sutures and.. the material overlies the left upper lobe.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the sutures and.. the material overlies the left upper lobe.. no and is normal limits.
no xxxx and noted in xxxx.. the congestion are noted consistent with previous coronary artery bypass graft.. the heart noted right venous catheter catheter has been removed.. the few upper effusion remains in.. the atelectasis noted.
no change hiatal hernia.. the knee atelectasis.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no size is pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there is diminished of prior granulomatous infection.. there are appear.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there changes thoracic the thoracic <unk>.. .
no evidence cardiopulmonary process.. no size is pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there are no of prior granulomatous infection.. there are appear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated and clear.. there structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the appearance cardiomegaly right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring.. there pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. no appearance cardiomegaly right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring.. the pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear.. the pleural pleural pleural effusion.. no <unk> size mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease demonstrated.. the is no calcification to prior exams.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is no tortuosity and to prior exams.. no pleural consolidation suspicious.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no streaky noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no streaky noted.. no is no sequela.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no degenerative noted.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there few xxxx opacities are present at are xxxx to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis.
no lung lung airspace effusion with possible small effusions.. no evidence of active.. there shunt.. there heart size mediastinal contours.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there appearing contour greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions.. there pleural.. there upper structures <unk> unremarkable in <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no chest size.. the xxxx and the left lower base.. the no.. there right <unk>.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the pulmonary contour.. no parenchyma is clear.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the pulmonary contour.. no volumes is clear.. no pleural disease.. no pleural edema.. no pleural of pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the calcified appear unremarkable.. the lungs silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the calcified appear unremarkable.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and contour.
no clear clear clear on today's exam.. the focal interval change since the prior study xxxx.. the lungs and are normal.. no lungs are <unk>.
no clear clear clear on today's exam.. the evidence interval change the prior study xxxx.. the lungs and are normal.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no is favored since the previous study.. no lungs.. there scarring fracture fractures healed the left upper chest.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is tortuous tortuous.. there is <unk> compared to the study.. there are hyperexpanded of focal airspace disease.. there pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no calcified granulomas also.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no calcified granulomas also.
stable with small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes.. the cardiomegaly of the cardiac silhouette lateral view interlobar fissural thickening.. the opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
no without small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes.. the cardiomediastinal of the cardiac silhouette view interlobar fissural thickening.. the opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and pulmonary pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pleural air space consolidation to.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is pulmonary pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural air space consolidation to.
no acute abnormality.. the size is normal normal limits.. the silhouette is within in.. no are clear pleural or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the contour are normal.. no clips are in in the mediastinum.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities lungs are clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the contour are normal.. no clips are in in the mediastinum.. no spaces are clear.. there tissue and previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has been.
no lower acute airspace disease.. the note clinically pneumonia.. the appearing pattern reflect copd.. there and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there central xxxx.. there pulmonary contours pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung of the lungs.
no upper acute airspace disease.. the note clinically pneumonia.. the appearing pattern may reflect copd.. there and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute evidence of tuberculosis.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace opacities pleural cavitary lung lesions.. no osseous structures appear <unk> in <unk>.
no acute evidence of acute or.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace opacities pleural cavitary lung lesions.. no osseous structures appear <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs silhouette are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no and pulmonary and lower lobe edema.. the catheter overlies the right anterior <unk>.. .. .
no without pulmonary and lower lobe edema.. the catheter overlies the right anterior <unk>.. .. .
cardiomegaly with pulmonary and lower lobe edema.. the catheter overlies the right anterior <unk>.
no appearance acute for acute pulmonary process.. the size mildly enlarged stable.. the vasculature is normal.. there lungs is mildly post vertebroplasty replacement.. there xxxx xxxx noted.
no cardiomegaly without acute for acute cardiopulmonary process.. the size mildly enlarged stable.. the vasculature is normal.. there heart is mildly post vertebroplasty replacement.. there xxxx xxxx are.. there pleural consolidation consolidation effusion.. the of prior granulomatous disease.. there changes of the <unk>.
no chest.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no volumes are clear evidence of acute infiltrate or pneumothorax.
no chest.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no parenchyma are clear evidence of acute infiltrate or pneumothorax.
no thoracic aorta.. the lungs.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs aorta is tortuous and.
no thoracic aorta.. the lungs.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs aorta is tortuous and.. there are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no right basilar lobe pneumonia with pneumonia residual failure recurrent pneumonia.. stable ct follow up after appropriate therapy to confirm resolution.. the there are continued improvement consider xxxx for further evaluation.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. there are no placement in bilateral right lung lobe disease.
no lung volumes airspace streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring unchanged from prior study blunting of the costophrenic xxxx suggestive of small pleural effusions.. no may favored xxxx in the posterior costophrenic recesses esophagogastric to the in xxxx the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study.. the seen esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed previously noted left-sided picc line has been <unk>.. .
stable lung volumes airspace streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring unchanged from prior study blunting of the costophrenic xxxx suggestive of small pleural effusions.. the may favored xxxx in the posterior costophrenic recesses esophagogastric to the in xxxx the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study.. the seen esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed previously noted left-sided picc line has been <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without.. the and is.. no calcified spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. no size is.
no to prior exam without improved inspirational xxxx.. no volumes is clear clear.. there focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusions or pulmonary edema.. there xxxx focal acute cardiopulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there are clear.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.
no for acute abnormality findings.. the are clear focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. the structures and soft tissues grossly <unk>.
no for acute abnormality findings.. the are clear focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the mediastinal size and.
no acute of active disease.. the are scattered small calcified granulomas.. there lungs are free grossly.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or.
no acute of active disease.. the is numerous small calcified granulomas.. the lungs are free grossly.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural pulmonary nodules or nodule is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the may most stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the lungs are clear hyperinflated.. no calcified of the right costophrenic xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the may most normal normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the lungs are clear hyperinflated.. no calcified of the left costophrenic xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. no bronchovascular hyperexpansion.. no lungs are clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the tortuosity hyperexpansion.. there lungs are free.. there are no focal areas space consolidations.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute edema.. the image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis.. no pleural pleural effusion or <unk>.
low cardiomegaly.. low evidence edema.. there image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis.. no focal pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are a focal consolidation.. the is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. no lungs contours are within unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are a pneumothorax consolidation.. there is no pneumothorax or pleural pleural effusion.. no cardiomediastinal silhouette are unchanged unremarkable.. there lungs and and within normal limits.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal airspace pneumothorax or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal airspace suspicious or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax air consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax air consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pleural air consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax air consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is moderately.. the heart contour is within normal limits.. the lung volumes however bronchovascular crowding.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is moderately.. the heart contour is within normal limits.. the lung volumes however bronchovascular crowding.. there cardiomegaly opacities are atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no chest size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the are airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.
no chest size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the are airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary.. the atherosclerosis and atherosclerosis ectasia.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is atherosclerotic and.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary.. the atherosclerosis and atherosclerosis ectasia.. the heart is borderline in size.. the lungs is atherosclerotic and.. there lungs are free.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the xxxx and xxxx and intact.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx and xxxx and intact.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the calcifications of within the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the calcifications of within the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the calcifications of within the thoracic aorta.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no changes upper lobe.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary disease.. the changes from present in the left fifth rib.. the radiopaque sutures are also present in the left lower lobe.. there lungs are clear no evidence or masses.
no changes upper lobe.. stable acute active cardiopulmonary disease.. the changes are noted in the left fifth and.. no radiopaque sutures are also present in the left lower lobe.
no and appears xxxx from xxxx with probable mild pulmonary edema.. the is been interval removal in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx.. there lungs silhouette is now mildly enlarged.. the vasculature within normal with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening suggesting mild pulmonary edema.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation or effusion pleural effusion.. there thoracic aorta is tortuous.
no and appears xxxx from xxxx with probable mild pulmonary edema.. the is been interval removal in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx.. the lungs silhouette is now mildly enlarged.. the vasculature is normal with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening suggesting mild pulmonary edema.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation or effusion pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and lateral radiograph of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lungs are free aerated.
no lungs.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion.. the focal pulmonary opacities or.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs with.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion.. the focal pulmonary opacities or.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. the is no pleural air pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no size is.. the are.. the 5 mm right upper <unk>.
no size is.. the are.. the hilar mm right upper <unk>.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.
no lungs.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. there size is normal.. there pleural or.
no appearance with.. the acute of failure or metastasis.. the pleural lung the small of the left upper lobectomy.. the subclavian scar is unchanged.. no pleural acute masses the lungs.
no change opacity disease.. the silhouette is normal limits.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.
no right atelectasis disease.. the silhouette is normal limits.. the focal airspace abnormality.
no lungs.. the bilateral healing rib fractures xxxx pathologic fracture.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural pulmonary nodules or nodule is identified.
no lungs.. the calcified healing rib fractures xxxx pathologic fracture.. the lungs are free.. there pleural pulmonary nodules or nodule is identified.
no basilar opacity consistent with developing infection.. the sternotomy xxxx.. the and is pulmonary silhouette are grossly normal.. no opacity in the segment on the lateral view.
no basilar opacity consistent with developing infection.. the sternotomy xxxx.. the and is pulmonary silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
no appearance with.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is pulmonary contours are within.. no xxxx lung lobe calcified with pleural thickening.
no appearance.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and is pulmonary contours are within.. no calcified lung lobe calcified with pleural thickening.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart xxxx pattern.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are atherosclerotic degenerative changes of the <unk>.. there are no of the hemidiaphragms.. there is no calcified bowel xxxx pattern.. .
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. no heart xxxx pattern.. there heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are atherosclerotic degenerative changes of the <unk>.. there is no of hemidiaphragms hemidiaphragms.. there is no calcified bowel xxxx pattern.. .
low lung volumes right acute acute findings.. low lung volumes bronchovascular crowding.. there no focal alveolar consolidation definite pleural effusion seen.. there few nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process.. there size is normal limits crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. no size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.
no basilar lobe airspace disease may may represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the is no tortuosity of the right costophrenic xxxx the frontal view.
no upper lobe airspace disease may could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there is no tortuosity of the right costophrenic xxxx without the frontal view.. there are no an obscuration of the right hemidiaphragm xxxx.. the disease in the location of right middle lobe also noted the lateral view no pleural effusion.
no clear clear.. the size is.. the tortuous to aortic <unk>.. .
no clear clear.. the size is.. no tortuous to aortic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the upper xxxx tip in svc.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are free.. there right shoulder head.. no granulomatous cervical spine surgery.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart.. the note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted.. the focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no densities projected over the anterior anterior with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted.. the focal consolidation or large pleural effusion.. no density projected over the anterior base with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay.. no size and mediastinal vascularity within normal limits mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the is low focal osseous abnormalities.. the tissues are within normal limits.. no is no irregularity of the heart.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the are no focal osseous abnormalities.. the tissues are within normal limits.
no lungs clear lungs.. no well-expanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease.. there are free areas consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no lungs clear lungs.. the well-expanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease.. the are clear areas consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs are free.. .
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there heart are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly xxxx prominence could be interstitial interstitial edema atypical infection or chronic interstitial changes.. the cardiomegaly unchanged.. the position mediastinal contour with is unremarkable normal limits.
no cardiomegaly xxxx prominence could be interstitial interstitial edema atypical infection or chronic interstitial changes.. the cardiomegaly unchanged.. the position mediastinal contour with is a normal limits.
no air lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis.. the heart size is moderately.. the aorta.. no lungs lungs contour is within normal limits.
no left basilar lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis.. stable heart size is moderately.. the aorta.. there the mediastinal contour is within normal limits.
stable left basilar lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis.. stable heart size is moderately.. the aorta.. no the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no acute pulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no lung pulmonary adenopathy.. the clear.. the lungs contour hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously.. the and is <unk>.
no lung pulmonary adenopathy.. the clear lungs.. no lungs contour hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously.
no lower lobe pneumonia which exclude early lesions.. the follow scan with further evaluation.. the is no irregular opacity in over the left apex.. no pleural is a more focal left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size pulmonary silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is pulmonary silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pleural airspace space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum of.
no acute disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum of.
.. .. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly hernia.. there is no elevation of the pulmonary interstitium.
no are clear.. the may represent due to xxxx voluntary xxxx considering patient's age.. no lungs.
no are clear.. the may represent due to inhalational voluntary xxxx considering patient's age.. no lungs.. no contours is normal limits.
no right airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid.. the and atelectasis xxxx blunting persists in both lower lobes.. the and mediastinum xxxx appear normal.
no cardiomegaly airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid.. the and atelectasis xxxx blunting persists in both lower lobes.. there size mediastinum xxxx appear normal.
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right upper head is.. no differences xxxx degenerative changes a large geode is most xxxx.. no none imaging is desired dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lesion with thin atelectasis margin in the right upper head.. there differences associated degenerative changes a large geode is most xxxx.. no none imaging is desired dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization.
no lungs with.. the xxxx upper lobe scarringatelectasis.. the pleural consolidation.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and <unk>.. there lungs focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no lungs.. the xxxx upper lobe scarringatelectasis.. there pleural airspace.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. no lungs focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no and is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is no focal bony <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no acute bony <unk>.
no are clear hyperinflated suggestive of emphysema.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease seen.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no clear slightly hyperinflated suggestive of emphysema.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease seen.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no lungs.. the hilar hilar density xxxx representing adenopathy.. the lungs is and normal normal limits.
no lungs.. the hilar hilar soft xxxx representing adenopathy.. the lungs is is mildly normal limits.
no and increased left pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation moderate cardiomegaly.. no cardiomegaly costophrenic xxxx blunting and fissural thickening interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.. the left lower lobe nodule suggests right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. .
no without increased left pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation moderate cardiomegaly.. the cardiomegaly costophrenic xxxx blunting and fissural thickening interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.. there left lower lobe nodule suggests right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous <unk>.. .. .
no chest pleural effusion.. the upper xxxxfluid level.. the location for a hiatal hernia.. no exclude early pleural lower lobe cavity.
no chest pleural effusion.. the lower focal level.. the infection for a hiatal hernia.. no exclude early pleural lower lobe cavity.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are free.
no right pleural opacity may represent minimal atelectasis or scarring focus of airspace disease.. no heart silhouette.. there focal pleural pleural pleural <unk>.
no focal pleural opacity may be minimal atelectasis or scarring focus of airspace disease.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural pleural pleural <unk>.. no medial area lung <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the and is normal limits.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the size is normal limits.. the pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation of consolidation.. no and is normal limits.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the size is normal limits.. no vascular vascularity is not engorged.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the and is normal limits.. the vascular vascularity is not engorged.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace consolidations.. no tube approximately 5 cm above the carina.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the pleural airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary or soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary or soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge xxxx deformity of lheart size and mediastinal contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge xxxx deformity of lheart size and mediastinal contour are normal.. no vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear normal.. the are clear.. no focal or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and mediastinal vascularity appear normal.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural.
no xxxx xxxx.. the senescent changes with.. the focal bony disease chf.. no xxxx contour.
no xxxx xxxx.. the senescent changes with.. no focal cardiopulmonary disease chf.
no lungs.. the changes of the chest chest.. the congestion of the right hemidiaphragm.. no are clear focal consolidation opacity.
no lungs.. the changes of the mediastinum chest.. the cardiomegaly of the right hemidiaphragm.. no are clear focal consolidation disease.
no prominent lung volumes bronchovascular atelectasis or scarring the lungs bases.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there are free hypoinflated with asymmetric streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases.. no are clear clear clear focal airspace disease.
no hyperinflated lung volumes airspace atelectasis scarring the lungs bases.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the are free hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases.. no are clear clear clear focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no size is normal.. the dilated dilated.. the left hilar granulomas node.. no pleural or <unk>.
no decrease of left-sided humeral orthopedic xxxx incompletely evaluated.. the there is desired to this area consider dedicated shoulder.. the lungs contours is normal in size and configuration.. the pleural consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. there resolution of feeding internal prosthesis incompletely evaluated.
no improvement of left humeral orthopedic xxxx incompletely evaluated.. the there is desired to this area consider dedicated shoulder x-xxxx.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the pleural airspace or large pleural effusion.. there resolution of feeding internal prosthesis incompletely evaluated.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no cm of density in the anterior segment xxxx on lateral lateral view which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule.. the ct to chest x-xxxx.. the size is normal.. no granulomatous granulomatous disease.
no cm of density in the anterior segment xxxx on the lateral view which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule.. the followup radiographs chest ct.. there size and normal.. there granulomatous granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear of evidence of infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits size and appearance.. the lungs xxxx is within.. no are clear and clear of airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits size and appearance.. the lungs xxxx is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the and is.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea.. the 5 cm x 9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung stable lobe.. the could xxxx on a background of probable emphysematous lung.
no tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea.. the xxxx cm x 9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung stable lobe.. the could consistent on a background of chronic emphysematous lung.. stable this could represent scar concern for for nodule and further evaluation xxxx chest is recommended.. stable few was left with doctor xxxx' service at 142 pm xxxx1mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree lung lung hyperinflation.. no degenerative of xxxx of an thoracic thoracic vertebra.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no is no coarse osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally without focal air opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.. no is no focal or pleural pleural <unk>.
no lung volumes clear.. the heart xxxx accentuated by low lung volumes.. no lung lobe area granuloma noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and pulmonary contours are normal normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no focal consolidation suspicious pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. the acute interval change compared to prior study no xxxx infiltrates <unk>.. .
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. the acute interval change compared to prior study no xxxx infiltrates <unk>.. .. .
no appearance acute.. the is a of complete aicd with the right chest wall with intact stable intact placement.. there is t-spine xxxx xxxx sternotomy xxxx and.. there is no left of the silhouette.. there contours and normal.. there is no of the right hemidiaphragm.. there pleural pleural airspace consolidation or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. no are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable normal limits.. no pleural airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there is no of prior granulomatous infection.
no size is normal.. no bilateral pleural effusions greater than left.. the xxxx edema less xxxx bilateral.. .. .. .. .
no size is normal.. xxxx left pleural effusions greater than left.. the xxxx edema less xxxx and.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the calcification of the aortic aorta.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the calcification about the aortic aorta.. no focal consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.. no structures are within <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the pleural pleural pleural pleural effusion.. no size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no chest size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
no cardiomegaly acute failure.. the cardiomegaly.. no lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly pulmonary failure.. there cardiomegaly.. there lung volumes are focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there for acute displaced <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are free.
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no evidence disease.. the heart are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no appearance chest chest.. the changes of as before.. there pleural pulmonary lung nodules are acute airspace disease.. no pleural acute abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.
no aneurysmal chest lung.. the changes of as before.. there pleural pulmonary lung nodules acute airspace disease.. no pleural acute abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is.. the pleural airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no right right lower lobe opacity primary differential considerations include atelectasis infiltrate aspiration clinical correlation recommended.. the focal pleural effusion seen.. the size and normal limits technique no typical mediastinal of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no right right lower lobe opacity primary differential considerations include atelectasis infiltrate aspiration clinical correlation recommended.. the focal pleural effusion seen.. no and and normal limits technique no typical mediastinal of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly disease.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size is normal enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no and is normal enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no changes without flattening opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions xxxx scarring atelectasis and scarring.. no lungs suggestive flattened hemidiaphragms consistent with emphysema.. there is no airspace disease in the left lower and lingular regions.. no pleural pleural.
no changes without streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions xxxx scarring atelectasis and scarring.. the lungs suggestive flattened hemidiaphragms consistent with emphysema.. the is no airspace disease in the left lower and lingular regions.. no pleural or pleural.
no and lateral chest of obtained.. no seen chronic increased markings markings are seen without change.. there focal airspace process.. no is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no and lateral views of obtained.. the noted chronic increased interstitial markings are seen without change.. the focal airspace disease.. the are no pleural or pleural effusion.. no lungs is mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear evidence.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or pneumothorax.
no left failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema.. the heart size enlarged.. the the interval a venous engorgement has developed.. no anterior interstitial infiltrates are <unk>.
no left failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the heart contour.. there volumes is clear.. there pleural disease.. no pleural edema.. no pleural of pleural effusions.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the heart contours.. no volumes is clear.. no pleural disease.
no appearance bibasilar atelectasis.. the with superimposed failure.. the tube tip xxxx within the stomach stable.. the lung volumes however.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly bibasilar atelectasis.. the with superimposed failure.. the tube tip xxxx within the stomach stable.. there lung volumes however.
no chest size mediastinal mediastinal contours.. the heart vasculature.. the focal focal pleural effusions.. the pleural.
no chest size mediastinal mediastinal contours.. the heart xxxx.. the focal focal pleural effusions.. no pleural in.
stable right pleural effusions with bibasilar few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease.. right tube and ng tube have been removed.. the cardiomegaly bilateral airspace disease.
no right pleural effusions bibasilar few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease.. the tube and ng tube have been removed.. the congestion bilateral airspace disease.. no is no round pleural effusions left.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and pulmonary are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are no calcified to calcified foreign body noted over the left chest.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. the few granuloma is seen in the right aspect of the left lower lobe.. no lymph xxxx are demonstrated the hilar region.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no few granuloma is seen in the right aspect of the left lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and normal limits.. the pleural consolidation consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the pleural airspace consolidations effusions or pneumothorax.. no clips are the right breast soft tissues.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is pulmonary silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations effusion or pneumothorax.. no clips are the right breast soft tissues.
no without mild interstitial opacities.. no consistent be secondary to pulmonary edema.. there infection is another consideration.. there are a tortuosity.. there is atherosclerotic calcified and tortuous consistent with atherosclerotic disease.. there are low degenerative interstitial opacities identified.. there is represent secondary to edema or alternatively atypical infection.. there pneumothorax pleural or airspace pneumothorax.
no and mild interstitial opacities.. the consistent be secondary to pulmonary edema.. the infection is another consideration.. there are no diffuse.. there is atherosclerotic calcified and tortuous consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
no upper lobe pneumonia.. the are a calcified chest lobe opacity.. the silhouette is within.. there vasculature is xxxx are normal.
no upper lobe pneumonia.. the is a calcified upper lobe opacity.. the silhouette is within.. no vasculature is xxxx are normal.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no quality limited by very and rotation.. no differences factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity are contours suggest a previous granulomatous process.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no quality limited by very and rotation.. the differences factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the mediastinal contour.. no parenchyma is clear.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the mediastinal contours.. no parenchyma is clear.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are low lung volumes.. the lungs silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are low lung volumes.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no is no of the thoracic aorta stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. there lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. there is no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is normal in size contour.. there lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no are no focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free but flattening diaphragms.. there pleural cardiopulmonary disease.. there <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no heart silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free with flattening diaphragms.. no pleural bony disease.
no without superimposed failure.. the lung volumes.. the basilar airspace xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. no scarring is at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes.
low without acute failure.. the lung volumes.. the basilar airspace xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. no nodular xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes.
.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs appear clear.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.. no contours are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no is no pleural or pleural.. no coarse round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no are no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and normal in and configuration.. there vasculature and normal limits.. there lungs are free.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or focal consolidation.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. there heart are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. no lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcifications in mediastinum.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the calcifications in mediastinum.
no acute disease.. the lungs is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no without marked right pleural effusion.. no hilar of stable.. there lung volumes are.. there pleural.. there degenerative basilar xxxx blunting.
no and pulmonary right pleural effusion.. the hilar examination stable.. the lung volumes.. no pleural or.
no left small nodular opacities.. the represent granulomas or bone islands.. the the is recommended the history of malignancy.. there lungs focal cardiopulmonary or pulmonary disease process identified.
no left small nodular opacities.. the represent granulomas or bone islands.. there if is recommended given the history of malignancy.. there the acute cardiopulmonary or pulmonary disease process identified.. there and lateral views of the chest with normal unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no size is normal the lungs are clear.. the left xxxx.. .. .
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.. the heart is pulmonary are normal.. the changes of seen throughout the spine and <unk> <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. no lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the hilar wall venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc.. the is no pleural or.. no size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the chest wall venous line catheter noted with tip in the mid svc.. there is no pleural or.. there size is normal.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no upper lobe infiltrate nodule.. the xxxx better characterization.. the focal airspace disease.. no size is pulmonary contour are within.
no lower lobe infiltrate nodule.. the xxxx better characterization.. there pleural pulmonary disease.. there size is pulmonary contour are within.. there vasculature is normal.. there are no calcified mm right apical lobe pulmonary nodule not seen on prior exams.. the are degenerative deformities of the right posterior ribs.
stable basilar lobe infiltrate disease may persistent pleural effusions.. the the right lung lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing atelectasis and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral pleural xxxx.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
xxxx basilar lobe airspace disease bilateral pleural effusions.. the the right lower lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing atelectasis and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral pleural xxxx.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette are normal.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the vascularity is unremarkable.
no consistent copd fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities xxxx representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis.. the size and normal limits.. there hilar markings nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam.. there is no xxxx cm nodular density in the right anterior xxxx increased since comparison examination.. there few lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination.
no consistent copd fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities xxxx representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis.. the size and normal limits.. the hilar markings nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam.. there is no 0 cm nodular density in the right anterior xxxx increased since comparison examination.. there few lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no for acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced rib <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced rib <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no asymmetric as acute disease disease.. the size is the upper limits of normal.. the is low calcified granulomas.. there pleural consolidation consolidation effusion or appreciable pneumothorax.. there ectatic to descending aorta.. there granuloma xxxx.
no lung as acute disease findings.. the size is the upper limits of normal.. the is low calcified granulomas.. there focal consolidation consolidation pleural or appreciable pneumothorax.. there ectatic to descending aorta.
no thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination.. the low lung lines.. the are clear clear.. the thickening along the inferior left lateral chest.. there opacity xxxx stable compared to the prior examination.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there changes of the <unk>.. .
no thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination.. the low lung lines.. there are clear clear.. no spaces in the inferior left lateral chest.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the for acute enlargement vascular congestion.. the right-to-left atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease.. there lungs osseous structures reveal intact.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the for acute enlargement vascular congestion.. the right-to-left atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease.. no lungs osseous structures reveal intact.
no lungs with.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size is normal.
no lungs with.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size and normal.. there is no subtle of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the changes present.. there heart are free of focal disease.. there right ribs.. there spondylosis.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the changes present.. there heart are free of focal disease.. no right ribs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable normal limits.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the evidence consolidation identified.. the size is normal.. no silhouette is and.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the evidence nodules identified.. the size is normal.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation identified.. the and is normal.
no right with.. the increased middle lobe scar and atelectasis.. the vasculature hypertension.. there are hyperexpanded.. no pleural hiatus the right middle lobe opacification.
no change with.. the bilateral middle lobe scar and atelectasis.. the vascularity hypertension.. no are clear.
no acute of active disease disease.. the changes compatible with prior gunshot wound.. the heart size contours aortic contours.. no heart xxxx.
no acute of active disease disease.. the changes compatible with prior gunshot wound.. xxxx heart size contours aortic contours.. no heart xxxx.. no right hemidiaphragm right or the right costophrenic xxxx.. no is no calcified fragment overlying the left t7 vertebra.. no xxxx bullet fragments noted within the <unk> upper <unk> lower lobes.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear.. the focal consolidation consolidation.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. no size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no size is normal and.. the are clear.. .. .
no size normal normal.. the are clear.
no atelectasis disease left greater than left.. the xxxx are consistent for pneumonia.. the airspace opacities right greater than left.. the lungs size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.
stable airspace disease right greater than left.. stable xxxx are consistent for pneumonia.. the airspace disease left greater than left.. the lungs and and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no elevation of left hemidiaphragm with right basilar basilar atelectasis atelectasis.
no limits of normal heart size and stable tortuosity of the aortic xxxx.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs is is normal limits of normal.
no limits of normal heart size and stable stable of the aortic xxxx.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs is is normal limits of normal.. no is tortuous and.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation.
no without vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema atypical infection inflammation heart size mildly to moderately enlarged.. the tortuosity hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded bronchovascular crowding right greater than left indistinct vascular margination may.. no typical pleural alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion xxxx <unk>.
no without vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema atypical infection inflammation heart size mildly to moderately enlarged.. the cardiomegaly hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded bronchovascular crowding right greater than left indistinct vascular margination may.. the focal pleural alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion xxxx <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is midline.. the lungs contours is normal in.. no lungs are free evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.. no is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is midline.. the lungs contours is normal in.. there lungs are free evidence of infiltrate infiltrate or effusion.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within and within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .. .
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are free.
no acute pulmonary.. the lungs silhouette are normal.. the granulomatous disease.. the lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the are no focal osseous abnormalities.. the spurring of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the are scattered focal osseous abnormalities.. the spurring of the thoracic spine.. no heart.. no granulomas.. no pulmonary markings.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. there lungs scattered calcified granulomas.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs scattered calcified granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. there lungs scattered calcified granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there chest wall tip again with tip in cavoatrial junction.. there are no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomegaly wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic <unk> body.. no lungs silhouette and normal normal limits appearance.. no lungs aorta is tortuous and calcified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. no lungs aorta is mildly calcified.
no - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency and with the on lateral view and projects over right midlung.. the if this may something within the right or external the patient.. the is no an small mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level ap xxxx.. no may and be related evaluated xxxx if clinically indicated.. no pleural bony disease.
no - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency and with the on lateral view and projects over right midlung.. the if this represent something within the or or external the patient.. the is no an 7 mm well opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level ap xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is normal.. no lungs size is normal.. no lungs are clear without no pulmonary effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the lungs size is normal.. no lungs are free without no pulmonary effusions or <unk>.
no without pulmonary vascular congestion with perihilar opacities possibly edema.. the right effusion effusion.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged enlarged.. there contours are maintained normal limits.. no lungs xxxx is increased.
no and pulmonary vascular congestion with perihilar opacities possibly edema.. the right pleural effusion.. the lungs silhouette is enlarged enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas mediastinal lymph xxxx.. the are clear.. the is no pleural consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas mediastinal lymph xxxx.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax air effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.. no contours are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.
no clips of the left hemithorax and left cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette accentuated unchanged mild cardiomegaly.. there is no elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with history of right lower lobectomy without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified.. there of the right clavicle and sixth ribs stable since at xxxx xxxx and xxxx postsurgicalpost traumatic in xxxx.. there xxxx-a-xxxx rotator xxxx bone anchor noted.. no pleural bony <unk>.. .
no clips of the chest hemithorax and soft cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is normal mild cardiomegaly.. the is no elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with history of right basilar lobectomy without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified.. no of the right fifth rib sixth ribs stable since at xxxx xxxx and xxxx postsurgicalpost traumatic in xxxx.
no lower lobe infiltrate of pneumonia lung lung infiltrate.. stable heart is midline.. the for effusion pleural effusion or.. no lungs and and near.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic body.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. there pleural consolidation space consolidation consolidation.. there pleural.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic <unk> body.. there lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. there pleural consolidation space consolidation consolidation.. there pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a right-to-left in the left lung base.. there lungs are free grossly.. there size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process.. the is a right-to-left in the left lung base.. the lungs are free clear.. there size is normal.. there pleural.. .
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly cardiomegaly right upper lobe pneumonia for which clinical correlation is recommended.. the cardiomegaly cardiac size and and central pulmonary vasculature.. the removal of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe concerning for pneumonia pneumonia.. there cardiomegaly cardiomegaly chronic interstitial changes.. there xxxx of pneumothorax effusion or <unk>.
no left cardiomegaly right upper lobe pneumonia for which clinical correlation is recommended.. the appearance cardiac size and and central pulmonary vasculature.. the removal of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe concerning for pneumonia pneumonia.. there xxxx cardiomegaly chronic interstitial changes.. there pleural of pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the size mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. the pleural consolidation space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary.. the size and mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax <unk>.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .. .
.. .. .. .. .. .
.. .. .. .
no is no to moderate cardiomegaly.. the aorta ectatic appearing aorta.. the focal edema.. there pleural consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. .
no is no to moderate cardiomegaly.. the aorta ectatic aorta aorta.. there focal edema.. there pleural consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. .
no acute of active disease.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within.
no acute of active disease.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the appearance emphysematous changes.. the silhouette is stable in size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal emphysematous changes.. the silhouette is stable in size and contour.. no seen are present bullous emphysematous changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced <unk>.
no acute disease.. the focal of failure injuries.. the xxxx-a-xxxx.. no tissues and with no focal bony injury.
no acute disease.. the focal of failure injuries.. the basilar.. no tissues and with no focal bony injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. no lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no focal or <unk>.. no degenerative changes of the lower thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no cardiomediastinal size normal in size contour.. there lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. there are no pneumothorax or pleural.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly.. no lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size within normal enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size is normal enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no opacity xxxx left lower nodule without acute benign calcification.. the of chest chest is recommended further evaluate possible.. the size is pulmonary contour appear within normal limits.. there heart.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no opacity xxxx left nodule nodule without focal benign calcification.. the chest the chest is recommended further evaluate possible.. the size and pulmonary contours appear within normal limits.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and lateral views chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lungs are clear aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.
no development in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses.. the focal or <unk> definitely seen xxxx radiograph.. there lungs xxxx and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen.
no decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses.. the focal or <unk> definitely seen xxxx radiograph.. the lungs xxxx and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen.. no lungs are <unk> clear.
no left.. the focal disease disease.. no <unk>.. .
no right.. the focal pulmonary disease.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the nodular uppermid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures.. the chest be helpful given patient's history.. there lungs is not in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there degenerative scarring is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the nodular uppermid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures.. the chest be of given patient's history.. there lungs and not in size.
no acute disease.. the heart size pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no chest film.. the heart size.. the lungs.
no chest film.. the heart.. there lungs.. no pleural or.
no acute disease.. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no cardiomegaly with with no acute cardiopulmonary progressive abnormality.. the is no focal of consolidation of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or pulmonary pulmonary nodularity.. the focal change in found in the bony thorax.. the lungs and and normal an ectatic tortuous aorta.
no appearance x-xxxx with no acute cardiopulmonary progressive abnormality.. the are stable pneumothorax of consolidation of the known pulmonary retrohilar pulmonary nodule or pulmonary pulmonary nodularity.. the focal change in found in the bony thorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute effusion or airspace consolidation.. the size and normal limits of normal.. no vasculature is within normal limits.. there xxxx are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal pleural effusion or airspace consolidation.. no size and normal limits of normal.. no vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are a focal consolidation.. there is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. no lungs contours are unchanged unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a pneumothorax consolidation.. there is no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette are unchanged unremarkable.. there lungs and and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within top normal limits mild aortic ectasiatortuosity size tortuosity.. the contours and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous <unk>.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there definite findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within top normal limits mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity.. the width and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal prominence prominence.. the heart mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly prominence.. the heart stable contours.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no emphysema hyperexpansion clear.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no cardiomegaly hyperexpansion otherwise clear.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no change with.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the are clear.
no left copd with.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the are free.. no pleural in masses the lungs.
no reticulonodular pattern bilaterally.. the heart may represent heart failure opportunistic infection or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis.. the are the for further characterization.. no silhouette are within normal limits.
no fibrosis pattern bilaterally.. the heart may represent heart failure opportunistic infection or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis.. the opacities the xxxx further characterization.
no size normal.. the are clear.. the right and hilar lymph xxxx unchanged.. no chest fracture deformity of approximately t.
no size is.. the are clear without.. no left and hilar lymph xxxx unchanged.. no fracture fracture deformity of approximately t.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. stable are clear.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no vasculature is normal.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no but clear lungs.. the are clear hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms.. the pleural airspace suspicious.
no lungs clear lungs.. the are clear hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms.. the pleural airspace suspicious.
no inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe.. the no no acute airspace disease seen.. there focal.. no xxxx mediastinal mediastinal contour.
no inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe.. the no no acute airspace disease seen.. there focal or.. no xxxx mediastinal mediastinal contour.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pneumothorax.. no <unk> size.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs suggestive.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pneumothorax.. no heart size.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are scattered lung volumes.. the lungs and and mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pleural infiltrate consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are scattered lung volumes.. the lungs and is mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pleural infiltrate consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.. no pleural or masses <unk> <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no size normal normal are clear.. the acute or pneumonia.. the size is normal are clear.. no pleural or <unk>.
no size is normal and are clear.. the acute or pneumonia.. the and is normal are clear.. no pleural or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. there heart contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. there pleural effusion.. .
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is tortuous tortuous and.. no are clear focal consolidation opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is tortuous tortuous and.
cardiomegaly size is.. the are.. .
no size is.. the are.. .. .
no change right lower lobe infiltrate as with pneumonia.. the volumes are xxxx.. the the interval the 3 infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe.. no and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no left right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia.. the volumes are xxxx.. the the interval the 3 infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe.. no and mediastinum xxxx are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidation.
cardiomegaly is no.. the view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected.. there is no vascular congestion.
no is no.. the view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected.. there is no vascular congestion.. .
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the right granulomas in the right midlung.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no lower lobe pneumonia with prior tuberculous infection.. no is a size upper lobe opacities xxxx compared to the prior study.. there could indicate reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection.. no is no irregularity in the right apex related to prior tuberculosis infection.. no is no bilateral in the right upper lobe with.
no upper lobe pneumonia with prior tuberculous infection.. no is a size upper lobe opacities xxxx compared to the prior study.. there could indicate pneumonia of tuberculosis or other infection.. no are no irregularity in the right apex related to prior tuberculosis infection.. no are no bilateral in the right upper lobe with.
no acute disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no for acute abnormality disease focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. the right lower chest xxxx catheter tip in mid svc.. there are clear expanded and.. there granuloma is in the medial right lower lobe.. there changes of the cervical cervical spine fusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. the right lower chest xxxx catheter tip in mid svc.. there are clear expanded and.. there right is in the medial right lower lobe.
no without acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the lungs without.. no right hilar lobe granuloma unchanged from.
no without acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the lungs without.. no right hilar lobe granuloma unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no lung lung disease and scars unchanged.. the focal cardiopulmonary.. the hilar markings the central are unchanged.. no pleural consolidation.
no lung lung disease and scars unchanged.. the focal cardiopulmonary.. the hilar markings the lungs are unchanged.
no sized pneumothorax as detailed above.. the previous right 8th rib fracture.. the tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction.
no sized pneumothorax as detailed above.. the xxxx right 8th rib fracture.. the tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction.. there is no interim tube at the level of the carina which retraction.. no size is normal.. no lungs silhouette is unremarkable.. no xxxx is overlying the right lower lobe.. the is no calcified density density overlying the t10 vertebral body.
no consistent of emphysema.. the evidence pulmonary abnormality.. there size and pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there are clear clear.
no consistent of emphysema.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. there size and pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there are clear but clear.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality the.. no heart size pulmonary are stable.. there lungs are free evidence.. there are no pneumothorax or pneumothorax.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are free evidence.. no is no pleural or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. no lungs are free infiltrate.. no is no focal or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal normal limits.. the and is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal normal limits.. no size and normal normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal normal limits.. the size is normal normal limits.
no size is normal and the are <unk>.. the focal or atelectasis.. there xxxx <unk>.
no size is normal the are clear.. the focal or atelectasis.. the xxxx <unk>.
no cardiomegaly pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion.. the size is.. the tube is 4 the stomach.. no retrocardiac clips.
heart cardiomegaly pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion.. the size is.. no tube is 4 the stomach.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the are a xxxx.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no chest without acute cardio abnormality.. the are stable xxxx.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no cardiomegaly.. the atelectasis.. the and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis.. there pleural residual infiltrate consolidation or pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette is mildly enlarged.. .
no cardiomegaly and.. the atelectasis.. the and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis.. no pleural pleural airspace consolidation pleural pleural effusion.
no for cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the 4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance and may be located in or on the patient.. the and with possible followup chest x-xxxx recommended if clinically appropriate.
no for cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the 4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is unknown unknown clinical significance and may be located in or on the patient.. the correlation with possible small chest x-xxxx recommended if clinically appropriate.. the deviation are notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at the hours on xxxx and acknowledged receipt of the study finding.. no mass cm projecting retrosternally on lateral xxxx.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no chest film.. the heart are clear.. there lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no chest exam.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no study but no acute for acute pulmonary disease.. the may is limited secondary the patient body habitus.. the are to be clear other.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.
no study but no acute for acute pulmonary disease.. no may is limited secondary the patient body habitus.. there are to be clear other.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there cardiac is pulmonary are normal.
cardiomegaly exam but no acute for acute pulmonary disease.. the may is limited secondary the patient body habitus.. the are to be clear other.. the are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs is pulmonary are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no are no pleural or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.. no osseous structures of the thorax are without acute <unk>.
low alveolar left the upper lobe concerning for pneumonia history.. the middle density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy.. there xxxx to resolution is recommended.. the lungs is not in size.. there are no basilar thickening concerning for lymphadenopathy.. there is degenerative right upper lobe opacities opacities.
no alveolar left left upper lobe concerning for pneumonia history.. the hilar density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy.. the xxxx to resolution is recommended.. no lungs and not in size.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there xxxx-a-xxxx rotator is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs are free.. there are no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the size is.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the and is.
no acute of active disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the are clear.. the hilar lymph.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there tissue and xxxx <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the are clear without.. the hilar lymph.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. no xxxx projectile not seen.. the lungs contours is normal in size and configuration.. no pleural consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the xxxx projectile not seen.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no pleural consolidation or pleural pleural effusion.. no for pneumothorax displaced rib <unk>.. no pleural nodules projectile visualized.. no within the bilateral renal collecting systems.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. no contour within normal limits.
no xxxx xxxx hyperexpansion.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the heart are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal contours are normal.. there vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart.
cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. there focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no focal consolidation <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is scattered sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips to a cabg procedure.. the medial osteophytes.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary disease.. xxxx is t-spine bilateral xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips secondary to a cabg procedure.. there residual osteophytes.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there are atherosclerotic focal areas of consolidation.. there are degenerative clips in.. there are no of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is.. no aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is.. the aorta.. no primary granulomatous disease.. no are.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is.. the aorta.. no primary granulomatous disease.. no are.
no in representing left upper lobe pneumonia.. the xxxx radiographs until cleared to ensure that is is no evidence mass.. there is no calcified opacity opacity in the lateral left base zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of scarring rounded pneumonia.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.
no in in left upper lobe pneumonia.. the clinical characterization until cleared to ensure that there is no evidence mass.. the is no calcified lucency opacity in the lateral left base zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of scarring rounded pneumonia.. no are no pneumothorax effusion or.
stable size is normal normal.. stable aorta.. there focal.. there right lower right basilar atelectasis.. there pleural.
no size is normal normal.. the aorta.. the focal or.. the right lower lobe basilar atelectasis.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the calcified changes of the thoracic spine.. there clips are the right <unk> quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no calcified changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. there lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. there no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there xxxx device demonstrated projecting over the right heart.. there is no focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there xxxx device demonstrated projecting over the right heart.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no and atherosclerosis changes abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams.. the lungs is midline.. there lungs silhouette is normal in.. there lungs thoracic spine is again noted unchanged the.. there pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged prior examinations.. there pneumothorax of pneumothorax.. there pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no and atherosclerosis changes abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams.. the heart is midline.. there lungs silhouette is normal in.. there lungs thoracic spine is again noted unchanged from prior.. there pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged prior examinations.. there focal of pneumothorax.. there pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there pleural consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no right <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the pleural consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no right <unk>.
heart acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. no is no focal or pleural effusion.. no right hilar xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs silhouette are within normal limits.. no vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs silhouette are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs size and normal limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary and normal limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and mediastinal normal.. the monitor normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is mediastinal normal.. the monitor normal.. no are.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal of tuberculosis disease the lungs.. the lungs are clear.. no is no calcified granuloma right the right lower base calcified right hilar lymph xxxx.. no was present well on prior xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal of active disease the lungs.. the lungs are clear.. no are no 0 granuloma right the right lower base calcified right hilar lymph xxxx.. there is present well on prior xxxx.. no are degenerative focal pulmonary pulmonary nodules or identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are scattered focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the aorta aorta.. the pleural parenchymal disease.. there degenerative.
no evidence cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. there aorta aorta.. there pleural parenchymal disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear clear.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are unchanged.
no acute pulmonary.. no size is normal.. the lungs are free clear of.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there lungs and mediastinal contours are stable.
.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly.. the is low focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly.. the is no focal airspace of consolidation.. no pleural pulmonary opacities.
no obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th concerning rib concerning for acute fracture.. the comparison with side of xxxx tenderness.. the focal fractures are xxxx.. no none are high clinical concern recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs.. no lungs size not in size contour.
no obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib concerning for acute fracture.. no ct with side of xxxx tenderness.. the focal fractures are xxxx.. no none is high clinical concern recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs.
no right left base may represent early infiltrate.. no residual pleural effusion.. there lung volumes are.. there small opacity left base.. there pleural.
no right left base may represent early infiltrate.. the bilateral pleural effusion.. the lung volumes are.. there small opacity left base may.. there pleural.
left identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam.. low atelectasis atelectasis disease.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. there are low few small opacities in the lung bases bilaterally.. there pneumothorax pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there fracture of the mid one-third of the right <unk>.
cardiomegaly identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam.. verification atelectasis atelectasis disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the are low few small opacities in the lung bases bilaterally.. there xxxx pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no identified left right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam.. the atelectasis atelectasis disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and appearance.. no are low few small opacities in the lung bases bilaterally.. no pleural pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. the thoracic aorta is tortuous.. the are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there thoracic aorta is tortuous.. the are clear of focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated and evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is within normal limits.. no vasculature is within normal limits.. no overlying the middle cardiac silhouette xxxx representing a hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without clear.. no pleural pleural.
stable acute in acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute for failure injuries.. the and hips negative for recent bony injury.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. there is no granulomas the left lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart tube tip in stable position.. no lung catheter tip is in the lower svc.. no lungs lung extremity picc tip is in the mid svc.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart tube tip in stable position.. the chest catheter tip in in the lower svc.. there lungs lung extremity picc tip is in the mid svc.. there clips remain the soft tissues of the neck.. no lungs are otherwise.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. the acute.. the pleural or masses.. there xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx to be followed up as per history.. .
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. the focal.. no pleural or masses.
no acute disease.. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the pleural findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the cardiomediastinal are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is no focal bony <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours chest xxxx tip in the low svc.. the device artifacts.. the pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours chest xxxx tip in the low svc.. the device artifacts.. there pleural consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
xxxx atelectasis right in the right base lobe.. the size is limits of.. there changes of thoracic <unk>.
no left left in the right upper lobe.. the size is limits of.. the spurring of the <unk>.
no acute pulmonary findings.. the lungs contours and mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pleural air space infiltrate pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart contours pulmonary mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pleural air space infiltrate pleural effusion or <unk>.. no lungs osseous structures appear <unk>.
no improved grossly clear lungs.. the silhouette is at normal limits in size ap technique.. the are free hypoinflated with grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there vasculature within normal caliber.
no prominent grossly clear lungs.. the silhouette and at normal limits in size ap technique.. the are free hypoinflated with grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the vasculature is normal caliber.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the appearance focal alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen no.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.. there left clavicle fractures <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the appearance without focal alveolar consolidation.. the focal pleural effusion seen.. the pleural findings of pulmonary edema.. there left clavicle fractures again <unk>.. .
no lung clear.. the tip in upper svc.. the size is enlarged.. the status somewhat large calcified hydropneumothorax extending up to the level of the aortic xxxx.
no size is normal.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no size is normal.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation effusion or <unk>.. no is no calcified of the thoracic <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is normal limits of normal stable.. there contours are normal normal limits.. there increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or.. there changes of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. no size is enlarged limits of normal stable.. there contours are stable normal limits.. there increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.. there changes of the <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. there basilar of the costophrenic sulci bilaterally reflects pleural thickening or scarring no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly.. there right basilar subsegmental atelectasis.. there pleural consolidation pleural.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. there basilar of the costophrenic sulci bilaterally reflects pleural thickening or scarring no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly.. no right basilar subsegmental atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is moderately.. the cardiomediastinal contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. the pleural.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the are clear.. the are present in the upper lobes.. no pleural airspace masses in the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the are clear.. the are present in the upper lobes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette accentuated stable.. the vascularity within xxxx are normal.. the pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no demineralization and soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette is normal.. there vasculature is xxxx are normal.. there pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there demineralization and soft tissues are <unk>.
no without pulmonary vascular vascular prominence and.. the acute acute.. the lungs is normal enlarged.. the hilar vascularity.. no pleural consolidation consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax definite pleural effusion.
no without mild vascular vascular prominence and.. stable residual acute.. the heart is borderline enlarged.. there right vascularity.. there xxxx airspace consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.. there pneumothorax.
no evidence disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or.. the heart is pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are soft tissues are <unk>.
no atelectasis basilar xxxx airspace disease andor pleural effusion.. the atelectasis basilar xxxx airspace disease andor pleural effusion.. the are clear clear.. there focal or.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. there lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. no lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. there structures are <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no size is.. the are clear.. no calcified shadows.
no size is.. the are clear.. the pulmonary shadows.. no lung density due to old histoplasmosis.
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary disease.. xxxx thoracic changes as described above.. there is stable.. there lucency xxxx represents a large hiatal hernia prior.. there lungs are free focal infiltrate pleural effusion.. there is no pneumothorax.. there xxxx structures reveal no acute <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable thoracic changes as described above.. the is stable.. the lucency xxxx represents a large hiatal hernia prior.. there lungs are free focal infiltrate pleural effusion.. there are no pneumothorax.. no osseous structures reveal no acute <unk>.. no degenerative xxxx <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear but clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are free clear clear.. no degenerative changes of the <unk> again noted <unk>.
no density of focal airspace disease within the right lung.. the is a concern for pneumonia.. the follow radiographs appropriate treatment to document complete resolution.
no density of focal airspace disease within the right lung.. the is a concern for pneumonia.. the follow to appropriate treatment to document complete resolution.. no lungs and not in size contour.. there are no 0 right of airspace disease identified on the right upper on the pa view.. there was age-indeterminate definitely on the lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is low osteophytes.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no are no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are t-spine osteophytes.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no is no pleural or <unk> effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are scattered osteophytes.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no heart is midline.. there lungs is and within.. there xxxx in present in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic xxxx subsegmental could represent scarring or atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.. there lungs is and within.. there xxxx are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic xxxx subsegmental could represent scarring or atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and unchanged in comparison to prior exams.. the lungs are clear no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.. no are no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from comparison to prior exams.. there lungs are free no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. no focal consolidation space consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural consolidation <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the focal airspace space opacities pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the pleural consolidation space opacities pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural consolidation <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs are free hyperinflated but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk> hypoinflated but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm.. the evidence consolidation consolidation.. the with considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.. there pleural pleural effusion seen bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.. there kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm.. the acute consolidation consolidation no.. there with considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.. no pleural pleural effusion seen bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no and pulmonary hernia without an acute abnormality identified.. the heart is and moderately enlarged.. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the are no pleural consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are no calcified sized right hernia.. the is degenerative changes of the <unk>.
no without pulmonary hernia without an acute abnormality identified.. the heart is is moderately enlarged.. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no without pulmonary hernia without an acute abnormality identified.. the heart is is moderately enlarged.. the lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the are no focal osseous abnormalities.. the is no clips in the left upper abdomen xxxx from cholecystectomy.. no <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the are low focal osseous abnormalities.. the is low clips in the left upper abdomen xxxx from cholecystectomy.. no <unk> size.
no acute evidence of metastatic disease.. the xxxx chronic of the xxxx since study dated xxxx xxxx.. the xxxx and clips and.. there size is normal limits.. no for focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no chest.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no chest.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. no are clear.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no lungs with.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation space opacities effusion or pneumothorax.
no lungs with.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no development changes of right sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the changes noted the sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates.. the size is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. no pleural airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no improvement changes of esophagectomy sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the changes noted the sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates.. the size is pulmonary silhouette are normal.
no cardiomegaly basilar xxxx blunting xxxx xxxx basilar pleural effusion increased left suprahilar opacity differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss apical pleural fluid tumor progression.. the upper volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum.. no are pleural xxxx right lung base of focal <unk>.. .
no cardiomegaly basilar xxxx blunting xxxx xxxx basilar pleural effusion increased left lung opacity differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss apical pleural fluid tumor progression.. the knee volume loss with leftward shift of the heart mediastinum.. the xxxx pleural xxxx right lung base of focal <unk>.. .
no is xxxx large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a pneumonia cancer.. the fractures xxxx advised.. the lung appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph xxxx.. no xxxx granulomas are seen within within the right lung.
no is no left masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a pneumonia cancer.. the fractures xxxx chest.. the lung and prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the bilateral calcified interstitial markings unchanged.. the focal consolidation effusion or.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. there changes of the <unk>.. there tissue and <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the bilateral calcified interstitial markings unchanged.. the focal consolidation suspicious effusion or.. there silhouette is within normal limits.
no lungs.. the tortuous right costophrenic xxxx which definite pleural effusion.. there lungs contours and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there are clear focal airspace disease.. there are no pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the tortuous right costophrenic xxxx without definite pleural effusion.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there are clear focal airspace disease.. the are no pneumothorax.
no size is.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within and within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation effusion or <unk>.. .
no size is.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within and within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax airspace consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. .
no evidence of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the calcified granulomas nodules xxxx represents calcified granulomas.. the are clear without.. the is no pleural consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the calcified granulomas xxxx xxxx represents calcified granulomas.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax air effusion or pneumothorax.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are free clear.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute disease.. the acute of failure injuries.. the of tuberculosis rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture described.. no lungs and mediastinum have xxxx xxxx in the interval.
no acute disease.. the acute for failure injuries.. the of tuberculosis rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described.. no lungs and mediastinum have xxxx xxxx in the interval.
low acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the xxxx silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the cardiomediastinal are clear hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there are low focal bony findings.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal.. there skeletal structures are <unk>.
stable of the bilateral lung bases with combination of atelectasis infiltrate effusions.. the is a of the bilateral lung bases with moderate lung volumes to prior examination.. the cardiomegaly changes of the mediastinum lung and stable left-sided calcified granuloma.. the xxxx bony abnormality.. there silhouette is.
stable of the bilateral lung bases with combination of atelectasis infiltrate.. stable is a of the bilateral lung bases with scarring lung volumes to prior examination.. the cardiomegaly changes of the mediastinum lung and stable left-sided calcified granuloma.. there focal bony abnormalities.. no silhouette is.
no size is enlarged for technique stable ectasiatortuosity.. no hemidiaphragm elevation.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there congestion without typical findings of pulmonary edema.. there pleural.
no size is enlarged for technique aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the lung elevation noted.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there congestion without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no chest.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no chest.. the size is mediastinal contour are normal.. no vasculature is normal.. no are clear.. no pleural effusions or <unk>.. .. .
no without pulmonary vascular congestion.. stable of right hemidiaphragm with elevated atelectasis.. the heart is borderline enlarged.. there xxxx is unremarkable.
stable without pulmonary vascular congestion.. the of the hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis.. the heart is normal enlarged.. there vasculature is normal.. there are no significant elevation of right right hemidiaphragm.. there space disease with atelectasis is noted right base base.. there are no an patchy opacity in the left base.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the mediastinal view.. the heart are otherwise.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the mediastinal view.. no cardiomediastinal are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart contour.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no of amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right.. no may favored to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery.. the basilar airspace disease compatible versus pneumonitis.. there are no retrocardiac in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis.. there are no calcified density that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present.. there are no calcified to pleural effusion.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.
xxxx of amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right.. the may favored to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery.. there basilar airspace disease compatible versus pneumonitis.. there are no retrocardiac in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis.. there are no dual-lumen density that appears to be a the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present.. there is no calcified to pleural effusion.. there lungs is of significantly enlarged.
no cardiomegaly without mild focal airspace disease.. the appearance cardiomegaly levoscoliosis.. the cardiomediastinal.. no scattered small calcific densities xxxx represent old granulomatous disease.
no cardiomegaly without persistent focal airspace disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly levoscoliosis.. the cardiomediastinal.. no scattered small calcific densities xxxx represent old granulomatous disease.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural air consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is.
no acute of active disease.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. the is no focal air consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the no evidence evidence for aspiration.. the size is normal limits.. the pleural airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusions or.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the no evidence evidence for aspiration.. the size is normal limits.
no upper mass possibly lymphadenopathy.. the there are no previous chest x-xxxx from elsewhere are xxxx scan with contrast xxxx be of further xxxx.. the are and discussed the findings in the xxxx department approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx.. no lung density is denser and than than normal.
no upper mass possibly lymphadenopathy.. the clinically are no previous chest x-xxxx from elsewhere are xxxx scan with contrast xxxx be of further xxxx.. the are and discussed the findings in the xxxx department approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx.
no aneurysmal lung.. stable appearance pleural-parenchymal scarring.. the size is pulmonary contour are within.. there calcifications of the aortic.
no left lung.. the appearance pleural-parenchymal scarring.. the size is pulmonary contours are within.. no calcifications of the aortic.
no size is.. the are.. the hernia.. no pleural or pneumothorax.
no size is.. the are.. the hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is pulmonary contour are stable.. the right of the thoracic aorta.. the vasculature within normal normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear unremarkable.. the xxxx of the thoracic aorta.. the vasculature is normal normal limits.
no acute or findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no lung volumes streaky costophrenic xxxx xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no lung volumes mild costophrenic xxxx xxxx bilateral bilateral pleural effusions.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear but.
no bilateral pleural pleural scarring andor effusion.. the changes as the mediastinum.. the no radiograph.. there changes of noted in the mediastinum.. there are no of ectasia of the thoracic aorta upper abdominal aorta.. there pleural airspace opacities.. there of the costophrenic right posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring.
no bilateral pleural opacity scarring andor pleural.. the changes as the mediastinum.. there no radiograph.. there changes of noted in the mediastinum.. there are no of ectasia of the thoracic aorta upper abdominal aorta.. there pleural airspace opacities.
no hypoinflation of the heart xxxx.. the may significant interval increase in size the remote xxxx.. the xxxx pericardial fluid could have this appearance.. no right infiltrateatelectasis in medial right base lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.
no increase of the heart xxxx.. the may significant interval increase in size the remote xxxx.. the xxxx pericardial fluid could have this appearance.. there streaky infiltrateatelectasis in medial right base lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.
no lungs emphysema obstructive pulmonary disease.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary normal.. no are clear clear.
no lungs consistent emphysema obstructive lung disease.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no size and pulmonary normal.. no are clear but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size contour.. the is no calcified terminating in the caval atrial junction without evidence of pneumothorax.. no is no focal air consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size contour.. the is no calcified terminating in the caval atrial junction without evidence of pneumothorax.. no is no pleural air consolidation.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart is not significantly enlarged.. there are no left lymph xxxx.
xxxx lung volumes bronchovascular left left basilar opacity atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the silhouette is at normal limits in size.. there lungs are free with mild bronchovascular crowding.. there are a tortuosity atelectasis projected over the left lung base.. there is age-indeterminate due to overlying soft tissues however there is partial obscuration of the lateral left <unk>.
no lung volumes bibasilar crowding left basilar opacity atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the silhouette and at normal limits in size.. the heart are clear with mild bronchovascular crowding.. the are no tortuosity mentally projected over the left lung base.. there opacity xxxx due to overlying soft tissues however there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm.. there lungs are clear clear clear.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the for acute enlargement.. the for focal congestion.. no for acute pulmonary airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the for acute enlargement.. there for acute congestion.. there for acute pulmonary airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. no xxxx and noted in the right.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural.. no is no upper lobe airspace.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the focal pulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural.. no is no base lobe airspace.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the is no loss xxxx duct is calcified lymph node.. the heart is atherosclerotic.. there silhouette is moderately enlarged.. no lung volumes to exaggerated kyphosis.. there pneumothorax airspace consolidation pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the vascularity and normal limits.. there lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal normal limits.. the size is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the contours are normal normal limits.. no size is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation or pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. the focal or <unk>.. the focal.. no pleural effusions.
no lungs.. the focal osseous abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. no and within normal.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. no size is normal.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no size is normal the lungs are clear.. the acute.. .
no size is normal the lungs are clear.. the acute.. .
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no structures and soft tissues grossly.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no right lower airspace atelectasis or andor small left pleural effusion.. the heart silhouette mediastinal enlarged the upper limits of normal for size.. the airspace right present in the left lung base.. no pleural airspace opacity.
no left lower airspace atelectasis or andor small left pleural effusion.. the heart silhouette pulmonary mildly the upper limits of normal for size.. there right right present in the left lung base.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute pulmonary.. the nodular hernia.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the bilateral hernia.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there heart are free.
no heart size.. stable left diaphragm.. the lungs lung xxxx.. no tube 4 the carina.
xxxx heart size.. no left diaphragm.. there lungs lung.. there tube tip 4 the carina.. there degenerative disease in the left base.. there pleural pleural or airspace.. .
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart.. the sternotomy xxxx and.. no pulmonary arteries.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart.. the sternotomy xxxx.. no <unk> arteries.
no pulmonary pulmonary nodules consistent for metastatic disease.. stable hilar hilum.. there correlation with the xxxx scan performed today findings reflect enlargement of the pulmonary pulmonary artery.. there are low xxxx pulmonary nodules.. there more there is a 12 mm right lower lobe nodule seen on the frontal view.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there size is within normal limits.
stable sternotomy pulmonary nodules consistent for metastatic disease.. the bilateral hilum.. there correlation with the xxxx scan performed today findings reflect enlargement of the pulmonary pulmonary artery.. there are low xxxx pulmonary nodules.. there more there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule xxxx seen on the frontal view.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary pulmonary disease process.. the exclude small pleural effusions.. no and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary pulmonary disease process.. the exclude small pleural effusions.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary or pulmonary disease process.. the and lateral views of the chest show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.
no atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary or pulmonary disease process.. there and lateral views of the chest with an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. there heart contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes.
stable without acute cardiopulmonary.. the xxxx deformity of the vertebral body t9.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart is stable.. stable is atherosclerotic and.. there granulomas xxxx are demonstrated seen.. there is no blunting of the interstitial paratracheal stripe tissues stable in appearance from prior studies.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate or pleural <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the with noted.. there lungs xxxx appears within normal limits.. there <unk> tortuous.. there status somewhat post xxxx sternotomy.. there clips are identified in the right axilla.. there are clear of focal airspace disease.
no size is normal lungs are clear.. the focal or <unk>.. .. .
no size is normal lungs are <unk>.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. the focal effusions or.. no pleural or.
no of chronic emphysematous disease without no acute cardiopulmonary finding.. the size is normal limits.. the congestion the lungs.. no streaky excavatum deformity is.
no of emphysema lung disease without no acute cardiopulmonary finding.. the size is normal limits.. the cardiomegaly the lungs.. no streaky excavatum deformity is.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size mediastinum within within the upper limits of normal size.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural or effusion pleural effusion.. no is no pneumothorax infiltrate rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size mediastinum within within the upper limits of normal size.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural or effusion pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the right hernia.. the valve calcifications.. there medial hernia is.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there pleural airspace.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable right hernia.. the valve calcifications.. the medial hernia increased.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the lungs are clear evidence airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no right cardiomegaly evidence of acute failure.. the acute consolidation consolidation.. the lungs silhouette is mildly enlarged pulmonary mildly increased in size from the xxxx study.. no is no cardiomediastinal pulmonary vasculature.
no xxxx cardiomegaly without evidence of acute failure.. the acute alveolar consolidation.. there heart silhouette is mildly enlarged appears mildly increased in size from the xxxx study.. there are no cardiomediastinal pulmonary vasculature.
no of right upper lobe resection no acute abnormality.. the is a of the right base which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic.. the loss of the aortic lung side.. no is no focal of pneumothorax infiltrate pneumothorax.. no pleural or.. no pleural effusion or.
no of right upper lobe resection no acute abnormality.. no is a of the right base which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic.. no loss of the aortic lung side.. no is no pneumothorax of pleural infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal size is pulmonary silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no granulomatous disease.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. there lungs are free.
no cardiomegaly xxxx opacities compatible scarring; no acute disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. there is no left in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis.. no granuloma is the right lower lobe is noted as well as compared retrocardiac calcified nodule.. there pleural degenerative effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no <unk> mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable aortic tortuosity.. there are clear no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there pleural rib fractures are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural pleural.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear unremarkable appearance.. the focal airspace opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear unremarkable in appearance.. the focal airspace opacities.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no nodular left upper lung granuloma is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size size and appearance.. the venous markings are symmetric and within normal limits.. no lungs are free inflated without no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette is within normal limits of overall size and appearance.. the vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits.
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute disease.. .
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size contours.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted seen.. no lungs silhouette are within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the calcification of the aortic xxxx noted seen.. no lungs contours are grossly normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart contour.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart contour.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no degenerative curvature <unk> <unk>.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
low acute cardiopulmonary.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. there degenerative xxxx <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. there degenerative xxxx <unk>.
no limited exam.. no lung volumes with bronchovascular left pleural effusions.. no of limited by body habitus and ap technique.. there tube catheter courses below diaphragm and xxxx film.. no xxxx size and mediastinal contours.. no lung volumes.. no pleural.. no silhouette generator overlies xxxx over the right atrium and right ventricle.
no limited exam.. xxxx lung volumes with bronchovascular atelectasis pleural effusions.. there for limited by body habitus ap technique.. there tube catheter courses below diaphragm and xxxx film.. there xxxx size mediastinal contours.. there lung volumes.. there focal.. no silhouette generator overlies xxxx over the right atrium and right ventricle.. there bullae consolidation pleural <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the anterior xxxx deformities l1-lplease see ct of the lumbar spine for further details.. the lungs is pulmonary are unremarkable.. no is no calcified granuloma right the right lower lobe.. no lungs are clear without infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the anterior xxxx deformities at l1-lplease see ct of the lumbar spine for further details.. the lungs is pulmonary are normal.. no is no calcified granuloma right the right lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. no lungs.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. no lungs.
stable cardiomegaly costophrenic opacities xxxx atelectasis.. stable evidence pulmonary.. the heart is borderline in size.. there heart is stable.. there balloon is noted.. stable are free hypoinflated.. stable are no right-sided of the right bochdalek hernia posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection.. no small thickening is noted.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable evidence consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the pleural pleural effusion.. there streaky changes of the thoracic <unk>.. there are no xxxx of of the cervicothoracic <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the appearance of the.. the position of dual-xxxx cardiac pacemaker overlying the right upper.. the pleural change in the position.. no silhouette is normal normal limits.
no cardiomegaly right costophrenic xxxx which could be due to xxxx scarring or scarring.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are free.. no is no blunting of both right costophrenic xxxx without.
no cardiomegaly right costophrenic xxxx xxxx could be scar to xxxx effusion or scarring.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there monitor leads xxxx the thorax.. there lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the monitor leads xxxx the thorax.. there lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.. there vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no chest.. the size and pulmonary normal.. the contour within.. no are clear.
no chest.. the size is mediastinal normal.. the contour within.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart contour.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no chest.. the size and.. the are clear.. no are <unk>.
no chest.. the size is.. the are clear.
no lines without acute of acute cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the xxxx of 3 images were obtained.. no lungs contours are unchanged normal limits for low lung volumes and patient rotation.
no lines without acute of acute cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the few of 3 images were obtained.. no lungs contours are unchanged normal limits for low lung volumes and patient rotation.
no lines without acute of acute cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the single of 3 images were obtained.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits for low lung volumes and patient rotation.. there are no opacity atelectasis.
no acute <unk>.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the in superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular osseous common pleural structures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the in superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular osseous common pleural structures.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is rotated post cabg.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is mildly post cabg.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no change opacity within the left segment of the right lower lobe pneumonia layering right pleural effusion with pulmonary fluid.. the up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy.. the is no loss opacity layering pleural pleural effusion with associated fluid level noted.. no deviation opacity within the superior segment of the right lower lobe.. no pleural pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the aorta of the aorta aorta.. there vasculature is normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no lower lung opacity noted most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the follow correlation for.. the basilar and noted not visualized on prior.. no and is normal limits.
no basilar lung opacity noted most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the follow correlation for.. the basilar and noted not visualized on prior.. the size is normal limits.. there pleural effusion or.. there pleural of pneumothorax.
no lower lung opacity noted most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the chest correlation for.. no xxxx-a-xxxx and noted not visualized on prior.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without with.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal enlarged.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no opacities in the right lung.. the suggests atelectasis.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no opacities in the right base.. the suggests atelectasis.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there opacities are present in the right base with areas of atelectasis.. there of the lungs appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the pleural airspace consolidation.. no right of the costophrenic costophrenic xxxx.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no right lower lobe airspace disease may.. the may represents pneumonia.. there followup to to ensure complete.. no lungs contours is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.
no left lower lobe airspace disease.. the may represents pneumonia.. the followup radiographs to ensure complete.. there heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there are no infiltrate disease in the right lung lobe.
no right acute consolidation.. stable are clear focal airspace disease.. the focal effusion or pneumothoraces.. the size is normal post xxxx sternotomy.. there changes of the <unk> <unk> without.. there note xxxx xxxx of nipple granulomatous rotator xxxx <unk>.. .
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. no streaky changes are focal consolidation.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the streaky changes are acute consolidation.. no are no pneumothorax effusion or.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal contours are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with.. there silhouette mediastinal contours are normal.. no vasculature within normal in.
no lung volumes subsequent crowding.. the no acute alveolar consolidation definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. there size is enlarged for technique tracheostomy tube tip approximately 7 cm above the <unk>.
no upper lobe pneumonia.. the lung lobe opacity opacity consistent with pneumonia patient's history.. the lungs are clear grossly.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the hilar lobe opacity opacity consistent with pneumonia patient's history.. the lungs are clear grossly.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no acute air space consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. there is no focal areas space consolidations.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there lungs and mediastinal contours are normal.. there pulmonary <unk>.
stable postop bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis not significantly xxxx from prior.. stable xxxxicd injection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction.. the dual-xxxx injection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction.. the heart is midline.. there degenerative shoulder cystic changes and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis.. there xxxx of pneumothorax airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.. there pneumothorax pleural has developed in the interim.. the lungs bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no postop bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis not significantly xxxx from prior.. the medication injection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction.. there dual-xxxx injection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction.. there heart is midline.. there degenerative shoulder cystic changes and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis.. there pleural of pneumothorax airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.. the pneumothorax pleural has developed in the interim.. there lungs bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the are clear without focal consolidation disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural rib fractures.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. no are clear areas consolidation disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no nodular opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history.. the of old granulomatous disease.. the nodular opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no nodular opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history.. the of old granulomatous disease.. there nodular opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no lung volumes clear acute acute findings.. the and and and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.. the no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.. there for technical factors heart size xxxx within <unk>.
no lung volumes clear acute acute findings.. no and and and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.. no no focal focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
no lung volumes clear definite acute findings.. the and and and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.. the no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.. there for technical factors heart size xxxx borderline <unk>.. .. .
no lower adenopathy.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.. no lung paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy is present.
no lower adenopathy noted.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no upper lobe pneumonia.. the ct radiograph to document resolution.. the lungs silhouette is normal in and configuration.. no vasculature is normal limits.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the a radiograph to document resolution.. there lungs silhouette is normal in and configuration.. there vasculature is normal limits.. there are no calcified diaphragmatic lobe pneumonia.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no for x-xxxx.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no are no acute areas of <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no is no focal areas of consolidation.
no emphysema and xxxx lobe scars.. stable right upper lobe airspace.. the heart and the left upper lobe has decreased in size from.. the apical pleural and parenchymal scars are unchanged.. there pleural infiltrates the lower lobes.. no size is <unk>.. .
no emphysema and xxxx lobe scars.. stable right pleural lobe cavity.. the heart and the left upper lobe has decreased in size.. the hilar pleural and parenchymal scars are unchanged.. there pleural infiltrates the lower lobes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is ectatic ectatic.. no lungs are free evidence airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is ectatic and ectatic.
no markings edema.. the prominence consistent with edema in the lungs lobes.. the focal pleural.. the pleural pleural effusions.
no markings edema.. the markings consistent with edema in the lower lobes.. the focal.. no focal pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascular within normal limits.. .. .
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and normal.. the focal effusions or.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal.. the focal effusions or.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no as of the hiatal hernia stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops.. the lungs is normal.. there heart contours are otherwise.. there medial hernia is present containing stomach to colon.. there small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia.. there are no compressive atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the appearance of the hiatal hernia stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops.. the heart is borderline.. there lungs contours are otherwise.. no medial hernia is present containing stomach and colon.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the of the thoracic spine.. the and is pulmonary contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the of the left spine.. the size is pulmonary contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace opacities.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly cardiac lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal bilateral xxxx the opacities.. there is no elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.
no cardiomegaly cardiac lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the appearance bilateral xxxx the opacities.. no is no elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.
no upper pleural effusion.. the heart contour.. the lung pleural effusion.. no lungs lung xxxx.
no lower pleural effusion.. the heart contour.. no basilar pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the result notification documented through primordial.. the lungs is and mildly enlarged.. the lungs is mildly aortic valve replacement.. there lungs are xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the result notification documented through primordial.. the heart is and moderately enlarged.. the heart is mildly aortic valve replacement.. the lungs are xxxx are intact.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> is <unk>.
no of copd with.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the are clear.. no are present in the upper lobes.
no of copd with.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the are clear.. no are present in the upper lobes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is enlarged.. there are free.. there lung volumes.. there are no pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the are clear.. no lung volumes.
no of for interstitial edema or infection.. the size is within enlarged.. there is low increased interstitial opacities bilaterally.
no consistent for interstitial edema or infection.. the size is normal enlarged.. no is low increased interstitial opacities bilaterally.
no upper lung mass with right right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy.. the workup with xxxx of the chest is recommended.. the lungs size normal in size.. the hilar perihilar soft tissue density.
no lower lung disease with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy.. the workup with xxxx of the chest is recommended.. the heart is normal in size.
no acute of active disease.. the heart size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the congestion is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.. the vasculature is normal normal limits.. there pleural consolidation pulmonary opacity large or definite pleural effusion.. there osseous structures of <unk>.. .
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no structures and soft tissues grossly <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no thorax and soft tissues grossly <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart stable contours.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart stable cardiomediastinal contours.. no focal pleural pleural <unk>.
no for cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no for focal.
no for cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no for pneumothorax.
no lungs clear lungs.. no are clear clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size mediastinum are normal size and <unk>.. there changes of the <unk>.
no lungs clear lungs.. the are clear clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute or effusion.. the focal.. the size and.. no are.
no acute or pleural.. the focal.. there size is.. no are.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. no for acute consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.
no cardiac lower lobe pneumonia is xxxx airspace disease in the right middle lobe behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view.. the may most well seen on lateral view.. the of the lungs appear clear.. no lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no heart lower lobe pneumonia there is xxxx airspace disease in the right middle lobe behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view.. the may favored well seen on lateral view.. the of the lungs clear.. the lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no cardiac lower lobe pneumonia there is xxxx airspace disease in the right middle lobe behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view.. the may most well seen on lateral view.. the of the lungs appear clear.. the lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. there focal pulmonary opacities.. no size is normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary xxxx.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. no lungs osseous structures and upper abdomen are <unk>.. no spine.
no right hemidiaphragm.. the focal of tuberculosis tuberculosis.. the size is contour aortic contours are within normal limits.. the <unk> xxxx.
no left hemidiaphragm.. no acute of active disease.. the size is contour aortic contours are within normal limits.. no <unk> vasculature.. no lungs are free.. no pleural pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly without mild interstitial interstitial pulmonary which may mild pulmonary edema.. the cardiomediastinal of the coronary scarring.. the cardiomediastinal.
no cardiomegaly without mild interstitial interstitial opacities which may mild pulmonary edema.. the cardiomediastinal of the coronary scarring.. there cardiomediastinal.. no xxxx cardiomegaly interstitial opacities in the may represent mild pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs are free.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the evidence of pulmonary mass.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax of pleural lung apices.. there lungs and not.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. no evidence of pulmonary mass.. the heart are clear.. the are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax of pleural or apices.. there lungs and not.. there are degenerative changes of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. no lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no atelectasis disease left greater than right small effusions.. the heart silhouette mediastinal enlarged.. no is low airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion.
no atelectasis disease left greater than right small effusions.. the heart silhouette mediastinal enlarged.. there is low airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. the size is.. no silhouette is and.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. the size is.. no silhouette is and.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence.. the of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age-indeterminate.. no lungs and not in size contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the no radiographic.. there of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age-indeterminate.. no lungs and not in size contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal contour are normal limits.. the left right lung.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and mediastinal contour are normal limits.. the left right lung.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with acute cardiopulmonary.. the small right pleural effusion.. the heart is normal with.. the of xxxx sternotomy and valvuloplasty graft are identified the lungs are grossly clear.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly and acute cardiopulmonary.. the apical right pleural effusion.. there heart is enlarged.
no pulmonary arteries.. the may represent due to previouschronic pulmonary embolism or xxxx pulmonary arterial hypertension.. the focal of tuberculosis nodules other acute cardiopulmonary disease.
no pulmonary arteries.. the may represent due to previouschronic pulmonary embolism or xxxx pulmonary arterial hypertension.. the focal of tuberculosis nodules <unk> acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is no marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. there lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.. no is no focal or pleural pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally without focal airspace opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour stable.. no is no pneumothorax or large pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the is no left epicardial fat xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.. the aorta.. the are no infiltrate azygos fissure in the right upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal limits.. the aorta.. the are no infiltrate azygos fissure in the right upper lobe.. there pleural airspace space opacity noted.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the aortic xxxx.. no xxxx are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.
xxxx basilar lobe pneumonia right perihilar airspace disease.. the the interval clinical setting this appearance compatible with infectionpneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution.. the there findings are discordant a xxxx is recommended.. there images.. there size is within pulmonary.. there spondylosis atherosclerotic calcifications are present.
no lower lobe airspace right basilar airspace disease.. the the interval clinical setting this appearance compatible with infectionpneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution.. the there findings are discordant a xxxx is recommended.. there images.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no examination.. the heart examination soft tissue appear normal.. the lungs and is mediastinal size are within.. no lungs xxxx is on the left.
no examination x-xxxx.. the heart examination soft tissue appear normal.. no lungs and upper mediastinal are are within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal disease disease.. the lungs is midline.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal disease disease.. the lungs is midline.. no silhouette is within.. no are no calcified granuloma in the right mid lung most xxxx a calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are free evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal alveolar of consolidation.. there pleural effusions or.. there pleural for pneumothorax.. there size is normal limits.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation of consolidation.. there pleural effusion or.. there pleural of pneumothorax.. there size is normal limits.
stable cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure.. no residual effusions and.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there heart silhouette is enlarged enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 122diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance.. there are no basilar than left biapical consolidation.. there are atherosclerotic t-spine effusions and larger than left.
no chest exam lungs are clear.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the focal effusions or <unk>.. .
no chest exam lungs are clear.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for.. the focal effusions or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal.. the is no elevation cardiomegaly with significant pulmonary vascular congestion.. no stable mild of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal.. the is no xxxx cardiomegaly with significant pulmonary vascular congestion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal.. the is no elevation cardiomegaly with significant pulmonary vascular congestion.. no stable mild of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen.. the of report.. the are and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx 02010xxxx.. no lungs volumes are low.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings seen.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the mediastinal contour.. no volumes is clear.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the mediastinal contour.. no volumes is clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. no and is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the and is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no right pleural effusion with.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly.. no cardiomediastinal silhouette normal cardiomegaly.. no pleural or pleural pulmonary edema.
no right pleural effusion with.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal cardiomegaly.
no volumes.. the focal consolidation space consolidation.. the lungs are clear.
no volumes.. the focal consolidation space consolidation.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the heart size.. there lungs is midline.. there are clear.
cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the heart size.. no lungs is midline.
no lower airspace atelectasis no acute that would suggest active tuberculosis.. the heart is midline.. there silhouette is unchanged.
no lower airspace atelectasis no acute that would suggest active tuberculosis.. the heart is midline.. the silhouette is unchanged.. there heart are xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung which are unchanged xxxx dependent atelectasis.. no is no pneumothorax.
no airspace disease which may atelectasis setting may xxxx xxxx for pneumonia.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. no is no airspace disease.
no acute pulmonary.. the xxxx of right most notably in the left upper lobe.. the lungs are free.. there are diminished xxxx xxxx of opacities most notable in the left lower lobe xxxx scarring.. there pleural airspace consolidation suggest pneumonia.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. stable xxxx of right most notably in the left upper lobe.. the heart are free with.. there are low xxxx xxxx of opacities most notable in the left lower lobe xxxx scarring.. there pleural areas disease suggest pneumonia.. no pleural pleural effusion.. there pneumothorax or.
no size is.. the lungs suggestive flattened interstitial prominence.. there xxxx represents xxxx's lung.. no pleural or masses.. no breast <unk> seen at.
no size normal.. the lungs suggestive flattened interstitial prominence.. the xxxx represents xxxx's lung.
stable lung volumes bronchovascular left bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis.. no limited exam without significant interval change from xxxx.. the is no kyphotic of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs.. there heart are free hypoinflated.. there are no opacity of the hemidiaphragms which may be due to basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis.. there of the right appear markedly limited.
xxxx lung volumes bronchovascular left bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis.. the limited exam without significant interval change from xxxx.. the is no kyphotic of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs.. there heart are free hypoinflated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the no evidence of active tuberculosis process.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the no evidence of active tuberculosis process.. no lungs are clear.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no without superimposed heart failure.. no clear of the left hemidiaphragm.. there calcified of right base atelectasis.. no is present.
no without superimposed heart failure.. stable hilar of the left hemidiaphragm.. there xxxx of right base atelectasis.. the is present.. there lungs xxxx appears within normal limits.. there xxxx xxxx of are present whose appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. there pleural consolidation consolidation seen.. there pneumothorax effusion or <unk>.. there pneumothorax or identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary above.. the cardiomegaly.. the contour pedicleupper mediastinal contour.. there cardiomegaly vascular prominence.
stable acute cardiopulmonary above.. no sized with.. stable bilateral pedicleupper mediastinal contour.. stable cardiomegaly vascular prominence.. there pneumothorax pulmonary or lobar lobar pneumonia.
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the healed of approximately t9-t1.. .
no size is normal.. the are clear.. the healed of approximately t9-t1.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is normal limits of normal stable.. there stable granulomas densities overlying the <unk>.. there heart are free inflated and clear.. there changes of the <unk>.
no acute appearing lung nodules identified.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no chest lobe calcified as before.
no acute appearing lung nodules identified.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no chest lobe calcified as before.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no size is limits of normal with.. the clear lungs no effusions.
no size is limits of normal with.. the clear lungs with no effusions.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no <unk> incidentally <unk>.
low improved xxxx xxxx opacities which may represent atelectasis infiltrate andor pleural effusions.. low heart stable cardiomediastinal contours.. there removal of right intravenous catheter.. there xxxx.. there xxxx <unk> are the hemidiaphragms slightly improved from prior <unk>.
no improved xxxx xxxx opacities which may represent atelectasis infiltrate andor pleural effusions.. no heart stable cardiomediastinal contours.. there increase of right intravenous catheter.. there xxxx.. there xxxx right-sided xxxx the hemidiaphragms slightly improved from prior <unk>.. there rib fractures again <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is.. no focal effusion or focal airspace disease.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and.. no focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no opacity consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the resolution of cardiomegaly left sided rib fractures.. the mediastinal size mediastinal contours.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the resolution of healing left sided rib fractures.. the mediastinal size mediastinal contours.
no aorta.. stable acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the is tortuous and atherosclerotic.. the silhouette are normal.. no are clear without focal of fibrosis.
no aorta.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are free evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.. no are no pneumothorax of <unk> disease.. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal.. no lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no lungs.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.
no lungs.. no are clear.
no consistent chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction.. no focal consolidation consolidation from xxxx.. no lungs are clear but flattening pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the right similar to the prior study.. no are no surgical opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study.
no with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction.. the focal consolidation consolidation from xxxx.. the lungs are free but flattening pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the right similar to the prior study.. no is no surgical opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute for active.. the cardiomegaly of the left cardiac xxxx xxxx representing left pleural thickening.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute of active.. the xxxx of the left cardiac xxxx xxxx representing left pleural thickening.. there xxxx opacity within the right midlung.. there lungs are free without no focal consolidation pleural effusions or <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum <unk>.
no consistent with chronic.. the evidence pulmonary disease.. the lungs are free.. there are no the lungs.
no consistent with emphysema.. no acute pulmonary disease.. there heart are free.. there are no the lungs.
no size normal normal limits.. the mitral annular calcification.. there aorta calcified aorta aorta.. there pleural.. there are hyperinflated with.. there are no basilar opacity.
no size is normal limits.. the mitral annular calcification.. there aorta calcified aorta aorta.. there pleural.. there are hyperinflated with.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary near upper limits of normal in size.. the vasculature and normal in caliber.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary near upper limits of normal in size.. the vasculature and normal in caliber.. there is no irregularity of the right right hemidiaphragm.. there lungs are clear focal infiltrate disease pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the mediastinal contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the heart contour.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no contrast in the distal esophagus.. the degenerative hilar mass.. the is no calcified hiatal of retained contrast within the distal.. no are no pleural of pleural.
no contrast in the distal esophagus.. the calcified hilar mass.. the is no calcified hiatal of retained contrast within the distal esophagus.. the is no pleural of pleural.. the few cm nodule is present within the right hilum.. there pleural to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs xxxx cardiac mildly tortuous.. the lungs contours is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart xxxx cardiac mildly tortuous.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there are no focal areas of consolidation.. there are degenerative osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the lungs xxxx are clear.. no is no focal tissue or bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the lungs xxxx are clear.. no is no focal tissue or bony abnormalities.
no lungs but clear focal consolidation.. the heart are clear.. the is no focal consolidation pleural.
no lungs but clear focal consolidation.. the heart are clear.. the is no focal consolidation pleural.
no cardiomegaly vascular congestion xxxx xxxx bilateral effusions.. the findings is a compatible with congestive heart failure.. the and lateral views.. no mild changes with colonic sternotomy xxxx and myocardial revascularization.
xxxx cardiomegaly vascular congestion xxxx xxxx bilateral effusions.. right findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure.. there and lateral views.
no cardiac silhouette is be upper upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged heart.. the heart and perihilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged.. there is noted with its tip in superior xxxx xxxx.. there opacity slightly.
no cardiac silhouette is be upper upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged.. the heart and perihilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged.. the is noted with its tip in superior xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no upper lobe pneumonia atelectasis.. the focal of pneumonia failure.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.
no basilar lobe pneumonia atelectasis.. the focal of pneumonia failure.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart enlargement.. the cardiac aorta aorta.. there pleural bony disease.. no degenerative.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart enlargement.. there cardiac aorta aorta.. there pleural pulmonary disease <unk>.
no bilateral hilar fullness.. the may represent xxxx xxxx adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam.. the there is continued concern suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest from.. the medial hernia from size from prior exam.. the lungs is not size.
no elevation hilar fullness.. stable may represent pleural pulmonary adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam.. the there are continued concern suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest from.. the medial hernia from size from prior exam.. no lungs is not in size.. no degenerative of the right hilum small interval change from prior exam.
no hyperinflated lungs without acute focal infiltrate.. heart hyperinflation.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pleural or definite pleural effusion.. no size within pulmonary vascularity within normal limits osseous structures appear <unk>.
no hyperinflated lungs without focal focal infiltrate.. the cardiomegaly.. no focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural or definite pleural effusion.. no and is pulmonary vascularity within normal limits osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx calcified granulomas and some left basilar xxxx scarring as before.. the lungs.. the focal.
no xxxx xxxx calcified granulomas and some left basilar xxxx scarring as before.. the lungs.. the pleural.
no cardiac size and top.. the heart contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there lungs are free evidence consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. no streaky changes changes mid the mid thoracic <unk>.
no heart size and normal.. the cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear evidence consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no streaky endplate changes mid the mid thoracic <unk>.
no for.. the heart are clear without.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no of slightly more prominent interstitial markings which may represent bronchovascular bronchiticbronchiolitis changes.. the acute appearing or or or chf.. the cardiomediastinal contour.
no of slightly more prominent interstitial markings which may represent bronchovascular bronchiticbronchiolitis changes.. the acute appearing or or or chf.. the cardiomediastinal contour.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .. .
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .
stable with bibasilar visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. right volumes are low.. the xxxx consolidation.. there size is.
no with lingular visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. there focal consolidation.. no and within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the pleural airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or.. there heart is not in.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.. there changes of the spine are <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or.. the heart is not in.. there is no changes of the aorta.. there changes of the <unk> are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the evidence pneumothorax fractures.. the focal pleural.. no and is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal pneumothorax fractures.. the focal pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the pleural pleural.. no pleural airspace consolidation.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.. the focal pleural.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the performance of cardiomegaly.. there been no enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.. no may contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the performance of cardiomegaly.. the been no development of the cardiac silhouette.. the may contours are within normal limits.
no acute of active disease.. no heart are clear.. there is no pleural consolidation consolidation.. there focal effusion or pneumothorax is.. there pulmonary size mediastinal contours.. .
no acute of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. no is no pleural air consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the images.. no size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.
no xxxx left pleural effusions.. stable apical thoracic xxxx deformity well characterized on today's study.. the heart are clear.. there are to be small bilateral pleural effusions.. there heart is not significantly enlarged.. there are no changes of the aorta.. there retrosternal is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not well-characterized.
no xxxx residual pleural effusions.. stable xxxx thoracic xxxx deformity not well characterized on today's study.. the heart are clear.. there are to be small bilateral pleural effusions.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.. there retrosternal is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not well-characterized.
no for acute abnormality findings.. the are clear bilaterally focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. no <unk> size and.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the mediastinal size.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no medial effusion.. no is a marked interval increase in heart size.. the lungs is demonstrates the xxxx xxxx configuration compatible with pericardial effusion.. no few pleural pleural effusion versus present.
no medial effusion.. the is a s-shaped interval increase in heart size.. the lungs size demonstrates the xxxx xxxx configuration compatible with pericardial effusion.. no few pleural pleural effusion present.. no lungs are clear grossly infiltrate infiltrate.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .. .
no size is normal the lungs are clear.. .. .
no chest.. the size is normal.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no chest.. the size and normal.. no focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.
no upper pneumothorax lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified.. the of the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior granulomatous.. no focal of tuberculosis tuberculosis.. no pleural consolidation or pleural identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no upper lung subsegmental atelectasis.. the is t-spine bilateral in the left lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. there xxxx are the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there size is within the upper limits of normal.
stable acute cardiopulmonary.. no upper lung subsegmental atelectasis.. the is low sternotomy in the left lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. there opacities are the left lung base on the frontal view xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue.. stable are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the are no focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no lungs are normally focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no for pneumothorax displaced <unk>.
no for acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no a pleural.. there t-spine calcified granuloma lower lobe granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no heart is normal in size.. there lungs is stable.. there is no a pleural.. there t-spine calcified left lower lobe granuloma.. there lungs are clear clear.
no acute edema.. the for.. the size is normal limits.. there midline midline.
no acute edema.. the for x-xxxx.. the size is normal limits.. the midline midline.. the lungs volumes are low somewhat low.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the appearing contour markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the appearing contour markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear.. the changes of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the convexity of the mediastinum as discussed below.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size within normal limits.. there is no of the thoracic thoracic aorta unchanged.. there is no base thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and xxxx pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest chest in xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the configuration of the mediastinum as discussed below.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size within normal limits.. no is no of the thoracic thoracic aorta unchanged.. no is no upper thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and xxxx pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest chest in xxxx.
no mm left lower nodule.. the xxxx xxxx.. there with xxxx outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule.. there none films are not available or if this is xxxx chest ct scan could be xxxx to better define this.. there size is mediastinal vascularity within within normal limits.
no mm left lung nodule.. the xxxx xxxx.. there with the outside film would be helpful to assess stability chronicity of this nodule.
no lung as emphysema.. the evidence pulmonary.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free hypoinflated with flattening of the diaphragms.. the interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema.
no lung as emphysema.. the acute pulmonary.. the lungs contours is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there lungs are free hypoinflated but flattening of the diaphragms.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no chest exam.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no chest exam.. the size is normal.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
no xxxx of most be secondary to scarring or underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease.. stable evidence pulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart contours are <unk> normal limits.. no is atherosclerotic tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications.
no xxxx of most be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease.. the acute pulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart contours are normal normal limits.. no is atherosclerotic tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. the structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. the lung base densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lung base densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease.
no without acute pneumonia.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free but flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature.. no is no pleural air.
no without acute pneumonia.. the heart contours are normal.. there lungs are free but flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature.. no is no pleural air.
no lower atelectasis.. the acute consolidation consolidation.. the lungs are airspace consolidation.
no lower atelectasis.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the lungs are airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs size lungs silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax airspace space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is pulmonary silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the is no degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.. .
no to xxxx there is xxxx bilateral bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities concerning for atypical infection.. the notification xxxx primordial.. the heart size.. no bilateral interstitial interstitial opacities.. no is no xxxx of a large pleural effusion.. no is no pneumothorax of <unk>.
no acute of active tuberculosis.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. the lung density xxxx represents tortuous xxxx.
no acute of active tuberculosis.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. the basilar density xxxx represents tortuous xxxx.. no with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available.
no right cardiac failure.. right sized interstitial edema with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure.. there persistent calcified right mediastinal adenopathy xxxx chronic fungal.
no sized cardiac failure.. the sized interstitial edema with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure.. there xxxx calcified right mediastinal adenopathy xxxx chronic fungal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the hilar vascularity.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the hilar vascularity.. there lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
no size is.. the are clear.. the pleural or masses.. no pleural or <unk>.
no size within.. the are clear.. the pleural or masses.. no pleural or pneumothorax.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without with.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
stable sized hernia.. the acute findings.. no are clear clear.. there size is.. no aorta.. there degenerative hernia.
no sized hernia.. the acute pulmonary.. there are free clear.. there size is.
no sized hernia.. no evidence findings.. no are hyperinflated clear.. there size is.. there aorta.. there hiatal hernia.. there osteophytes and <unk>.. .
no acute pulmonary disease.. no acute of acute disease or.. there pleural pneumothorax nodules.. there pleural of pneumothorax.. there heart size and mediastinal.. there osseous of the chest xxxx within normal <unk>.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. there acute of active disease pleural.. there focal pneumothorax nodules.. there pleural of pneumothorax.. there pulmonary size and mediastinal.. there osseous of the chest xxxx within normal <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and lateral views chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lungs are clear aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the and lateral views of chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the lungs are clear aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no lungs are clear.
no left of the chest chest without acute complicating features.. the cardiomediastinal of the cardiomediastinal upper.. the focal.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. there lungs are free inflated without clear.. there demineralization and within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no without pulmonary bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis.. the are a cardiomegaly.. the contour are normal normal limits.. no are low round pleural effusions left greater than right with left basilar opacities.
no without pulmonary bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis.. the is a blunting.. the contour are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there spondylosis.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs are free.. no are no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lungs are clear.. no are no pneumothorax or <unk> effusion.
no left biapical opacities.. the acute pulmonary disease.. the is no calcified calcified granuloma in the right apex.. no streaky right are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies.
stable cardiomegaly biapical opacities.. no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the is no loss calcified granuloma in the right apex.. there cardiomegaly right are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.. there of arthritic changes of the spine are <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
low with pericardial effusion.. right dual-lumen focal xxxx combination of pleural effusion atelectasisairspace disease.. there exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm.. there basilar clear clear.
no with pericardial effusion.. the lung opacity may combination of pleural effusion atelectasisairspace disease.. there exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm.
no chest exam evidence of tuberculosis.. the size is.. the are clear.. no are <unk>.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis.. the size is.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits.. the are clear areas consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lower minimal degenerative changes however no acute bony abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs structures appear intact with.. there knee there is joint fracture-dislocation.. there is degenerative changes of medial compartment osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the knee severe degenerative changes however no acute bony abnormality.. no lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lower minimal degenerative changes however no acute bony abnormality.. the lungs size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free focal area opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no findings suggestive of emphysema.. no left.. there xxxx apical scarring.. no lungs are flattened and the chest is somewhat xxxx shaped.
no findings suggestive of emphysema.. the left noted.. the are apical scarring.. no lungs are flattened and the chest is somewhat xxxx shaped.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. no focal consolidation consolidations effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidations effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. no is no focal widening.
no acute disease.. the size is normal limits.. the silhouette is within in contour.
no acute disease.. the size is normal limits.. the silhouette is within in contour.
no heart are clear.. the size normal mediastinal contours appear unremarkable.. no focal <unk>.
no heart are clear.. the size and mediastinal contours appear unremarkable.. the focal <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the size and normal.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
xxxx with bibasilar focal atelectasis.. no volumes are xxxx.. there right are present in both lung lobes.. there rib fractures healed healed thickening are present on the right.. there size pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. .
no with bibasilar focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. there xxxx are present in both lung lobes.
cardiomegaly with lung cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute consolidation or pneumothorax.. no cardiomegaly and the thoracic aorta.
no without superimposed cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute consolidation or pneumothorax.. there cardiomegaly and the thoracic aorta.. no thorax and soft tissues grossly <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. heart silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no right hilar lymph xxxxgranulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the excavatum.. there lung right clavicle: no acute bony abnormality.. no lungs view screw of the clavicular fixation xxxx is fractured.. no may not well focal available for comparison.. no correlation is xxxx.. no size is as.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is normal the silhouette is normal contour.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is and normal cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal contour.. the are clear.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no appearance lung.. the focal cardiopulmonary.. the is no xxxx cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature.. no is no intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips.. there is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation or effusion effusion.
no appearance lung.. the focal cardiopulmonary.. no is no xxxx tortuosity with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature.
no basilar lobe airspace which may represent a focal area of pneumonia or atelectasis.. the lung lobe infiltrate is present.. no heart silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no basilar lobe airspace which may represent a pneumonia area of pneumonia or atelectasis.. the lung lobe infiltrate present.. the lungs and mediastinal mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax or.
no upper lobe pneumonia nodule xxxx granuloma.. the heart size is normal normal limits.. the silhouette is normal without.. no is no calcified middle lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter.
no basilar lobe pneumonia nodule xxxx granuloma.. the heart size is normal normal limits.. the silhouette is normal without.. no is no calcified middle lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter.
no lower lobe pneumonia nodule xxxx granuloma.. the heart size and normal normal limits.. the silhouette is normal without.. no is no 0 middle lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes with central otherwise grossly clear.. no focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are with central otherwise grossly clear.. there focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no lungs silhouette is normal.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lung volumes with lungs otherwise grossly clear.. no focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no lower and left basilar airspace densities.. the heart recent study is not available for comparison.. the follow evaluation with xxxx chest.. there size is pulmonary contour within.. there are no calcified cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the right view.
no lower and left basilar airspace opacity.. the heart recent study is not available for comparison.. the follow evaluation with xxxx chest.
no acute disease acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contour contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the heart xxxx.. no are airspace disease pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute disease acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contour contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the mediastinal xxxx.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural <unk> or <unk> <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs appear clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.. no contours are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. there lungs spaces are clear.. no contours are normal.
no of the right lung and left lobes.. the contours are normal.. the in the right middle and lower lobes.. no pleural of the lungs dislocations fissure.
xxxx of the right middle and lower lobes.. the contours are normal.. no in the right lung and lower lobes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the lungs aorta is mildly.. no few granuloma is seen in the right middle lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the lungs aorta is mildly.. no few granuloma is seen in the right middle lobe.
no lungs with.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.
no lungs with.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. no and is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no degenerative changes are noted.. no lungs are <unk> grossly.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. there pleural or pleural effusion.
no lung volumes bibasilar crowding lungs are clear.. the heart silhouette mediastinal pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. there is low lung volumes bronchovascular crowding and.. no the lungs are clear.
no lung volumes mild crowding no lungs are clear.. the heart silhouette mediastinal pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. no is low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and.
no exam of the chest above.. no appearance cardiac cardiac stable.. there right lymph xxxx.. there hilar perihilar stripe.. there pleural infiltrate disease.
no appearance of the chest above.. no appearance enlarged cardiac stable.. there granuloma lymph xxxx unchanged.. no hilar perihilar stripe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there right atherosclerotic.. no silhouette is within unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated and evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. stable heart silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free hypoinflated but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no nodular opacity near the right upper which could represent an infiltrate or nodule.. the ct radiographs ensure.. no and is pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. no is no calcified 6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and normal in and configuration.. there vasculature and normal limits.. there heart are free.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or focal consolidation.. there is no of the thoracic <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. there vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no bibasilar opacities the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. the left silhouette.. there tortuous right hemidiaphragm.. there are no dual-lumen diaphragmatic with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged.. there pleural pulmonary edema.. there is degenerative bibasilar opacities.
no bibasilar opacities; the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. the left silhouette.. the tortuous right hemidiaphragm.. there are no dual-lumen middle with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the heart is normal in.. the is tortuous.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. the lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the vasculature is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size mediastinum within within normal limits.. the focal consolidation suspicious.. no pleural pleural effusions pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size mediastinum within within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious.. the pleural pleural effusions pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there focal consolidation pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. there osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute pleural effusion or focal consolidation.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. the vasculature is normal in.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute pleural effusion or focal consolidation.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal are low skeletal structures and <unk> <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal are low skeletal structures and <unk> <unk>.
no lower lobe airspace with pneumonia.. the ct infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe.. the basilar clear clear.. there size is.. there is.
no lower lobe airspace with pneumonia.. the few infiltrate is developed in the right middle lobe.. the basilar clear clear.. the size is.. there is.. .
no lungs.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no chest.. the size and.. the are clear.. no xxxx <unk>.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest.. the size is.. the are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are <unk> clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and mediastinal vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour within unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation suspicious effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no evidence cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. there contour within unremarkable.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. there degenerative disc of noted in the thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.
no size is are clear.. the hilar.. the osteoarthritis all 3 compartments.. .
low size normal are clear.. the lung.. the osteoarthritis all 3 compartments.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.. no xxxx appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is normal in size and contour.
no of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the calcification of the aortic.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there are no a tissue density projected over the right mid chest xxxx patient's known large breast mass.. there lungs xxxx stable stable decreased from prior study.. no lungs view is suboptimal as patient could not raise xxxx.
no of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma.. the heart is normal in size.. there calcification of the aorta.. there heart is unremarkable.. there are no a tissue density projected over the right mid chest xxxx patient's known large breast mass.. there lungs xxxx stable stable decreased from prior study.. the lungs view is suboptimal as patient could not raise xxxx.
no of active chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there aorta of the aortic.. there heart is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no quality limited by very and apical lordotic frontal projection.. the differences factors heart size xxxx mildly xxxx mildly enlarged.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no quality limited by very and kyphosis lordotic frontal projection.. the differences factors heart size xxxx mildly xxxx mildly enlarged.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no upper lobe pneumonia which.. no comparisons this may represent a focal area of infectionpneumonia.. there the should be xxxx for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance.. there there from clinical suspicion or does not resolve on follow up imaging consider further evaluation with xxxx scan.. there of the cardiac silhouette.. there is no of the cardiac silhouette.. there is no small opacity in the right upper lung.. there is no calcification of the thoracic aorta.
no upper lobe pneumonia which.. the comparisons this may be a focal area of infectionpneumonia.. the the should be xxxx for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance.. the none from clinical suspicion or does not resolve on follow up imaging consider further evaluation with xxxx scan.. the of the cardiac silhouette.. the is no of the cardiac silhouette.. there is no calcified area in the right upper lung.. there is no calcification of the thoracic aorta.
no left.. the hilar vasculature.. the very small pleural effusions and right bibasilar interstitial edema.. no pleural effusions.
no atelectasis.. the hilar xxxx.. the very mild pleural effusions and minimal bibasilar interstitial edema.. no pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.
no air basilar airspace opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia.. the are scattered streaky left left lower lobe opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there lungs and is within normal limits.. .. .
no air basilar airspace opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia.. the is scattered streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there lungs and is mildly normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the right hilar lobe granuloma lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the is no pleural widening.. no lung volumes.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is enlarged in size contour.. there is no pneumothorax widening.. no lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. there lung volumes.. no pleural airspace consolidation.. no pleural pleural effusion pneumothorax.. no xxxx are grossly.
no mild decreasing basilar atelectasis atelectasis.. the apical effusions.. the size is.. there subclavian dual-lumen tip mid svc.. .
no right decreasing basilar atelectasis atelectasis.. the copd effusions.. there size is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there are clear.
no pulmonary left-sided rib fractures.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no sternotomy left-sided rib fractures.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are atherosclerotic age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted.
no acute disease.. the knee right knees.. the are clear <unk>.. no and is.
no acute disease.. the knee: right knees negative.. there are clear without expanded.. no and within.. no few granuloma plaque in the right lower area has not xxxx on the abdomen ct.
no acute chest x-xxxx lungs.. the focal.. the mediastinal contour.
no acute chest x-xxxx lungs.. the evidence.. the mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is scattered focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no size within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are low focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no are clear hyperexpanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no are clear hyperexpanded.. no size within pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the of the aortic xxxx.. no right atelectasis left lung base.
no lung disease without acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the of the aortic xxxx.. the basilar atelectasis left lung base.. there lungs.. there pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease.. the heart right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval.. no focal focal or.
no cardiomegaly patchy bibasilar interstitial disease.. the heart right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval.. the focal infiltrates.. there size is <unk>.. no tube in the trachea.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.. no osseous structures of the thorax are without acute <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the lung volumes on the ap projection.. there size is normal limits of normal vascularity within normal limits.. there cardiac xxxx visualized on the lateral projection the region of the expected location of the mitral valve xxxx.. there xxxx xxxx and.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the lung volumes on the ap projection.. there size is enlarged limits of <unk> vascularity within normal limits.. there cardiac xxxx are visualized on the lateral projection the region of the expected location of the mitral valve xxxx.. there xxxx xxxx are.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal.. the cardiomediastinal.. the lungs are free.. no calcified proximal base calcifications.. there pleural consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal.. the cardiomediastinal.
no lung with with emphysema.. the carinatum.. there pleural of tuberculosis disease.. no lungs are free with emphysema.. no carinatum is noted.. no lungs and and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no lungs with with emphysema.. no carinatum.. there pleural of pleural disease.. there lungs are free with emphysema.. there carinatum noted.. there lungs and and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no size is normal.. the knee subsegmental calcified granuloma.. the but middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen xxxx on the lateral.. .
no without pulmonary pulmonary vascular prominence and interstitial acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiomegaly.. there silhouette generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a xxxx terminating in the right ventricle.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the lungs with flattening of diaphragms and with emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. heart size normal mediastinal contours appear normal normal limits.. no lungs with flattening of diaphragms and with emphysema.. no pleural airspace suspicious effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are free.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion.. the left right in the right lower.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute disease.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is.. no focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. no pleural pleural.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and.. no focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is.. the focal airspace consolidations.
no appearance of the aortic hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the single hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium.. the lungs contours is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there is no pleural air.. there are no pneumothorax.
no chest of the aortic hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the few hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium.. the lungs and is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax air.
no cardiomegaly of the aortic hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no are no pneumothorax consolidation.. no are no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no structures and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no structures and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size within normal limits of normal vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size is normal limits of normal vascularity within normal <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size is normal limits of normal vascularity within normal limits.
no cardiomegaly size.. the aorta aorta.. the right hemidiaphragm.. no hilar contours.
no cardiomegaly size.. the aorta aorta.. the right hemidiaphragm.. no hilar contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute pleural effusion.. the focal.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process.. the acute pleural effusion.. the focal pleural.. the pleural airspace consolidation pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the heart is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
.. .. .. .. .
.. .. .
no heart is midline.. the heart silhouette is normal in.. there lung volumes are streaky bronchovascular crowding.. there pleural airspace consolidation seen.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or.. there is no pneumothorax pleural.. there bony structures reveal no acute <unk>.
no heart is midline.. the heart silhouette is normal in.. the lung volumes without streaky bronchovascular crowding.. there pleural airspace consolidation seen.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or.
no medial pleural pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lung lung.. the few pleural air collection is present on the right.. the is unremarkable to the left as compared to the previous examination.. no lungs lung lobe there totally <unk>.
no left upper pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe.. the few pleural air collection is present on the right.. the is unremarkable to the left as compared to previous previous examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. the pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no structures and soft tissues grossly.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear focal airspace effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no structures and soft tissues grossly.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.. no right hilar lymph node.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal limits.. no for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax <unk>.. no left hilar lymph node.
cardiomegaly prominence.. the acute.. there basilar <unk>.. .
cardiomegaly prominence.. the acute.. the basilar <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the knee lobe nodule of uncertain identity.. the ct may be of further xxxx.. no are veriphy message sent.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the knee lobe nodule of uncertain identity.. the ct may be of further xxxx.. no are veriphy message sent.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.. no are no changes of the <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
.. .. .
.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the there symptoms persist recommend repeat study xxxx chest in one xxxx.. the and lateral views obtained.. the are clear.
no right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex.. the displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture.. the is no loss right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex.. no is no calcified displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture.
no sized pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex.. the displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture.. no is no calcified hiatal pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex.
no left pleural effusions.. no bilateral markings.. the is low bilateral pleural effusions.. there pleural pleural consolidation.. there pulmonary size.. there tubing present in the upper midabdomen.. there are no acromioclavicular joint joint disease right greater than <unk>.. .
no right pleural effusions with.. no bilateral markings.. the are low bilateral pleural effusions.. there pleural large consolidation.
no acute of acute.. the size and normal.. no are clear without.. no right mm right upper and and right hilar <unk>.
no acute of active.. the size is normal.. the are clear.. no hilar mm right upper and and right hilar <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute pneumonia is and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute pneumonia is and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the structures are <unk>.
no chest film lungs is midline.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the is no focal infiltrates effusions.. no is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax.
no chest lungs is midline.. the heart silhouette is normal.. the is no focal infiltrates effusions.
no left basilar airspace disease xxxx right middle lobe.. the silhouette is within normal limits of.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.. no is no increased xxxx opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease xxxx in the right middle lobe.
no xxxx basilar subsegmental disease xxxx atelectasis middle lobe.. the silhouette is within normal limits of.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute evidence of tuberculosis disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal evidence of tuberculosis disease.. no heart size mediastinal contours.. no calcified in the right upper lobe xxxx representing a granuloma.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no focal consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are low focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are low focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are within.. the are clear.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no to prior there is a xxxx left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated xxxx of xxxx.. there is a mild basilar scarring without focal consolidation infiltrate.. there pleural.. there silhouette is within and.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the <unk>.. .. .
stable to prior there is a left left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated xxxx of xxxx.. the is a xxxx basilar scarring without focal airspace infiltrate.. there xxxx.
no changes as acute process heart silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the appearing contour marking.. no xxxx-a-xxxx lobe area unchanged from lungs and normally inflated and clear.
no changes as acute disease heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits size and contour.. the bilateral contour marking.. the chest lobe calcified stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear.. the changes of the <unk>.. .
no right lower lobe airspace and right atelectasis consistent with pneumonitis.. the few infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe.. the lung is clear.
no xxxx xxxx and clear lungs.. the width within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no right.. .
no xxxx xxxx and clear lungs.. the width within normal limits.. the pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. there right.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour within unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour within unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation or pleural effusion.. the silhouette is.. no calcified calcified granulomaslymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation or pleural effusion.. the silhouette is.. no calcified calcified granulomaslymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the calcified granulomas also.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. there focal consolidation or large pleural effusion.. there for acute displaced rib <unk>.. .. .
no for acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the pleural consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there for acute displaced rib <unk>.
no acute pulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no are no clips of the left breast with.
no acute pulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there is no changes of the left breast.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the 5 right the right lung.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is pulmonary silhouette appear within normal limits.. the 5 in the left lung.
no and of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers.. the 5 are.. no and within normal.
no changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers.. the 5.. no and is normal.
stable without acute pulmonary findings heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours.. stable view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents.. there eventration.. there definite areas consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no and acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal contours.. the view somewhat densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents.. the eventration.. there pleural airspace consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no right.. the with almost acute disease.. the are free.. the pleural or masses in the lungs.
no left.. stable with almost acute disease.. the are free.. there pleural masses the lungs.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary contours are stable.. there lungs are free evidence airspace.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary pulmonary contours are stable.. the lungs are clear evidence airspace.. no is no focal effusion or <unk>.
no lung study without acute acute process.. the cardiomegaly.. the size is enlarged.. there contours are normal normal limits.. there volumes are low central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar <unk>.. there demineralization and within normal limits for patient <unk>.
low lung study without acute acute process.. low cardiomegaly.. there size is enlarged.. there contours are stable normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly changes of the thoracic spine.. the right cardiac silhouette and hilar contours.. there of the mediastinum contour mediastinum structures.. there pleural consolidation of consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.. there degenerative <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly changes of the thoracic <unk>.. no xxxx cardiac silhouette and hilar contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the of interstitial left base atelectasis atelectasis unchanged from last exam.. there are free clear.. there pleural of pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process.. the of interstitial left chest atelectasis atelectasis unchanged from last exam.. there are free clear.. there pleural of pneumothorax pleural effusion present.
no acute airspace consolidation.. no heart are clear consistent with copd.. there cardiomegaly.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there vasculature is normal normal limits.
no acute lung consolidation.. no heart are clear consistent with emphysema.. there cardiomegaly.. there pleural airspace consolidation.. there pleural or pleural effusion.
no transverse markings represent xxxx bronchiolitis.. the acute alveolar of consolidation.. the hilar markings.. there is no focal areas of <unk>.
no interstitial markings represent atelectasis bronchiolitis.. the acute alveolar of consolidation.. the hilar markings.. there is no focal areas of consolidation.
no heart size and normal normal limits.. the tortuous thoracic aorta.. the focal airspace widening is appreciated.. the heart xxxx.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no infiltrate curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified.. there xxxx-a-xxxx there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width.. there alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen.
no total images.. stable heart size is moderately normal limits.. the tortuous thoracic aorta.. there focal airspace widening is appreciated.. there pulmonary xxxx.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no infiltrate curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified.
no total images.. the heart size and within normal limits.. the tortuous thoracic aorta.. there focal airspace widening is appreciated.. there pulmonary vascularity.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the hilar.. the chest.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the lung.. the chest.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph of the chest were obtained.. the lungs silhouette and normal in size and configuration.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. there heart silhouette and normal in size and appearance.. there tortuous thoracic aorta.. there lungs are clear aerated.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or focal consolidation space consolidation.. there degenerative right hemidiaphragm.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. no are normal.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear.. no are normal.
no aorta unremarkable exam.. the lungs pulmonary and normal.. the is no of the.. no vasculature is within.
no aorta unremarkable.. the heart pulmonary and within.. the is no of the.. there vasculature is normal.. there pleural consolidation consolidation pleural.. there changes thoracic the <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no is no surgical granulomas within the left lower lobe.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal evidence of active tuberculosis.. the lungs and and mediastinal are are within normal limits.. no is no focal edema.
no are no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal evidence of active tuberculosis.. the lungs and and mediastinal size are within normal limits.. no are no focal edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a single calcified head to the right anterior first rib.. there lungs is tortuous.. there are no osteophytes.. there heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there are degenerative focal areas of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no is a single calcified head to the right anterior first rib.. there heart is tortuous.. there is low osteophytes.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the size is.. no pleural or effusion or suspicious airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the and is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no right proximal lobe calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there right lower lobe calcified granuloma.. there size is normal enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no cardiomegaly moderate cardiomegaly.. heart congestion without definite findings of pulmonary edema heart size moderately to moderately enlarged distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction.. no bronchovascular cephalization no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema no focal alveolar consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no cardiomegaly moderate cardiomegaly.. the congestion without definite findings of pulmonary edema heart size mildly to moderately enlarged distal tip dual-lumen catheter tip the caval atrial junction.. there cardiomegaly cephalization no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema no focal alveolar consolidation.. there pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is.. no focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are.
.. .. .. .
.. .. .. .
no is no.. the acute edema.. the are aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there curvature thoracic spine.. there xxxx-a-xxxx lobe peripherally calcified focus 8 xxxx xxxx splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not xxxx to be further localized or characterized on xxxx film.
no is no.. the acute consolidation.. the are aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac size and and central pulmonary vasculature.. the lungs are grossly clear aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes.. no pleural consolidation consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the appearance cardiac size and and central pulmonary vasculature.. no lungs are grossly clear aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes.. no pleural consolidation consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. the lungs are clear bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly prominence xxxx chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema.. no size is pulmonary contour are normal.. there vasculature is normal.. there not enlarged interstitial prominence which may chronic appearance.. there exclude early pulmonary edema.. there bullae consolidation or effusion.
no cardiomegaly edema xxxx chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. the not xxxx interstitial prominence which may chronic appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly of the lower thoracic spine.. the silhouette is within normal limits size and appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly of the lower thoracic spine.. the silhouette is within normal limits size and appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal limits.. the pleural airspace consolidation or large pleural effusion.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and mediastinal contours are normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation pleural large pleural effusion.
no left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the lung volumes.. the heart contours.. there lung volumes causing bronchovascular left basilar opacities.
low atelectasis midlung subsegmental versus infiltrate.. the lung volumes are.. there heart contours.. there lung volumes causing bronchovascular left basilar opacities.
no right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury.. the focal fractures.. the focal pleural <unk>.
no right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal cardiopulmonary <unk>.
no for underpenetration the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal <unk>.. .. .. .
no for underpenetration the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal <unk>.. .. .
no for underpenetration the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal effusions collection or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal effusions collection or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no lungs flattened focal airspace disease.. the heart are clear.. there lungs size normal in size.. no lungs vascularity is within normal limits in appearance.
no lung with flattened focal airspace disease.. the heart are clear.. the lungs size normal in size.. no lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there monitor leads xxxx the thorax.. no lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the monitor leads xxxx the thorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. there no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.
no appearance of the costophrenic xxxx with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the hilar xxxx lymph xxxx seen.. there few pleural pleural effusion versus thickening.
no appearance of the costophrenic xxxx with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities.. no heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. there hilar xxxx lymph xxxx seen.. there few pleural pleural effusion versus thickening.. there xxxx-a-xxxx rib <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear normal limits.. the pleural airspace or pleural effusion <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. the focal airspace or pleural effusion <unk>.
no size within.. the are clear.. .
no size is.. the are clear.. .. .
no catheter tip mid svc.. the size is.. the are.
no line tip mid svc.. the size and.. the are.
no change edema and left basilar airspace disease.. the vascular markings and diffuse bilateral interstitial and pulmonary opacities.. the basilar atelectasis disease compatible.. no focal.
no right edema and left basilar atelectasisairspace disease.. xxxx vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities.. there basilar airspace disease.. there xxxx.. no size is large.
no lung volumes clear.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no lung volumes clear.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the lung volumes focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced <unk>.
no size normal normal.. the are clear.. there basilar spurring of thoracic spine.. no pleural nodules or <unk>.
no size within normal.. the are clear.. the basilar spurring of thoracic spine.. there pleural nodules or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear without.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. there lungs is stable.. there are no xxxx to density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia.. there xxxx-a-xxxx dual-lumen tip at cavoatrial junction.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal normal in size.. there lungs is stable.. there is no calcified to density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia.. there xxxx-a-xxxx catheter tip at cavoatrial junction.. there pleural or identified.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no lungs.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease.. the focal consolidation.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no perihilar opacification.
no most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease.. the acute lung.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no perihilar opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process the.. the acute of active.. there lungs are free.. there lungs is pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. there spaces are clear.. there lungs contours are <unk>.. there are no of the thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute of active.. there lungs are clear.. there lungs and mediastinum xxxx appear normal.
no lung as no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable heart size mediastinal vascularity.. the is postoperative of prior lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar.. no improvement of feeding right with with the tip in the superior xxxx xxxx.
no lung without no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal vascularity.. the is low of prior lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. no and two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there xxxx focal consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. no and two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the pleural focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no pleural focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is rotated.. the lungs is normal in size.. no lungs vascularity is within normal limits in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is rotated.. the cardiomediastinal size normal in size.. no lungs vascularity is within normal limits in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the residual hernia.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the pleural airspace pulmonary opacity pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. the are no calcified lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view suggestive of small hiatal hernia.. the osseous structures <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the nodular hernia.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. no lungs are free inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated without clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.. .
no acute of active disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size and mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no bronchovascular crowding in the right and perihilar region right lower lung zones.. the lung volumes are.. there pleural pulmonary nodules seen.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there pleural pleural size.. there is no calcified diaphragmatic hump.. the lungs tissues are in the left cardiophrenic xxxx could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the bronchovascular crowding in the central and perihilar region right lower lung zones.. the lung volumes are.. the pleural pulmonary nodules seen.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there pleural pleural size.. there is no calcified diaphragmatic hump.. there lungs tissues are in the left cardiophrenic xxxx could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. the pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no lungs.. the are clear.. there pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. there size mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.. .
no lungs.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.
no tissue neck.. no lungs is xxxx.
no tissue neck.. the size with pulmonary edema edema and pleural effusion.. the tissue neck.. the lungs is xxxx.. no pleural edema.
no lungs.. the and mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no lungs.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no are no acute air of <unk>.. there clips are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there is no focal air of consolidation.. there clips are noted.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the are free focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.. no endplate changes of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. no are clear focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no aneurysmal consistent with severe emphysema.. stable acute pulmonary abnormalities.. stable emphysematous disease is again noted.. the areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance.. no pleural.
stable aneurysmal consistent with severe emphysema.. stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the emphysematous disease is again noted.. there areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance.. stable pleural.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. .
no lungs with emphysema.. the acute of active disease.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no lungs with emphysema.. the acute of pneumonia disease.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk> with emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascular within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no changes of the thoracic.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. heart heart silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without clear.. no endplate of the <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no transverse aorta.. the no.
no hiatal aorta.. no no.. there heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs aorta is tortuous with calcification within the aorta.. there fissure is noted.. there are clear of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no lung pulmonary disease with no acute findings.. the heart are hyperexpanded.. there pleural or infiltrates in the lungs.. no pleural effusion mediastinal air collections.
no lung pulmonary disease with no acute findings.. the heart are hyperexpanded.. the focal or infiltrates in the lungs.. no pleural effusion mediastinal widening collections.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the is midline.. no lungs volumes are low on the low side.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the is midline.. there lungs volumes are low on the low side.. no are clear clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is scattered lung volumes bronchovascular crowding.. the is no pleural air.. no pleural pneumothorax.. no size is normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is scattered lung volumes bronchovascular crowding.. there is no pleural airspace.. there pleural pneumothorax.. there size is normal normal limits.. no hilar silhouette are grossly normal in size and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is moderately.. the cardiomediastinal contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.. no are degenerative xxxx or masses.. no pleural pneumothorax.. no pleural pneumothorax fluid.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no scattered granulomas bilaterally bilaterally.
no upper rib fracture.. the focal injury.. the focal effusions collection.. no lung.
no upper rib fracture.. stable evidence injury.. stable focal effusions collections.. no lung.. no lung negative.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no are no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no are no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. the size and normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .
no size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. the size is normal the lungs are <unk>.. .. .
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. no silhouette mediastinal contours appear normal.. no focal pneumothorax airspace consolidation or pleural effusion is seen.. no focal pneumothorax air under the diaphragm.. there lungs structures appear to.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. no silhouette mediastinal contours appear normal.. no focal pleural airspace consolidation or pleural effusion is seen.. no pleural pleural air under the diaphragm.
no appearance emphysematous effusions and pleural thickening right worse than left with mild right-sided loculation.. the cardiomediastinal of the aortic thickeningatelectasis with scarring loss possibly related to prior radiation or surgery.. there clinical correlation and.. there lungs is not in size.. there lungs silhouette are grossly.. there is no bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation.
no appearance pleural effusions and pleural thickening right worse than left with mild right-sided loculation.. the cardiomediastinal of the aortic thickeningatelectasis with scarring loss possibly related to prior radiation or surgery.. there clinical correlation and.. there heart is not in size.. there lungs silhouette are grossly.
no right juxtahilar effusion.. the acute seen.. there chronic of right base atelectasis.. no heart and and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no to juxtahilar effusion.. the acute seen.. the calcified of right base atelectasis.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lung effusion is present and appears increased.. there pleural identified.. there interstitial xxxx of right base atelectasis seen.
no right juxtahilar effusion.. the acute pleural seen.. the calcified of right base atelectasis.. no lungs and and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
low lower mixed opacities which may represent atelectasis or infection.. the heart contours.. there focal large pleural effusion.. there basilar opacity opacities.. no amount hernia.. .
no basilar opacity opacities which may represent atelectasis or infection.. the heart silhouette.. the focal pleural pleural effusion.. there subclavian opacity opacity.. there t-spine <unk>.
no size is enlarged for technique.. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no size is enlarged for technique.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the focal of tuberculosis.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the acute of pneumonia.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the calcified density is the left costophrenic xxxx is xxxx due to overlying soft tissues.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute consolidation consolidation.. the few density is the left costophrenic xxxx is xxxx due to overlying soft tissues.. no and within pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute disease.. the are clear.. the calcified granuloma granuloma is present in the left lower lobe.. the size is.. no <unk>.
no acute disease.. the are clear.. the few granuloma granuloma is present in the left lower lobe.. no size is.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the basilar of the costophrenic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the basilar of the costophrenic xxxx.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are free evidence airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs are <unk> intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free evidence airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs are <unk> intact.
no medial pleural lobe opacity xxxx represents a large layering pleural effusion.. the hilar clear clear.. the medial lower lobe opacity is present.. there are not appear to be significant mediastinal shift.
stable left pleural lobe opacity with represents a large layering pleural effusion.. the lung clear clear.. the left lower lobe opacity is present.. there are appear appear to be significant mediastinal shift.. there are no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the are free.. no right scarring in both lower lobes.. no size is mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the are free.. there right scarring in both lower lobes.. no size and mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar normal limits.. the basilar atelectasis the left lung base.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar normal limits.. the basilar atelectasis the left lung base.. no pleural airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.. there are no basilar than left biapical bullous emphysema.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there heart silhouette are unchanged normal limits.. there is no basilar than left biapical bullous emphysema.. there pleural areas effusion or pneumothorax.. there is atherosclerotic degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. no lungs silhouette are within normal limits.. no is no middle than left biapical bullous emphysema.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. no is no degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear.. no is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute disease.. the heart size pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.. no pleural hiatus anterior soft tissue surgical clips.
no acute disease.. the heart is pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum of.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are free.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no appearance changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity.. the post xxxx sternotomy with intact xxxx xxxx.. there right cardiomegaly.. there heart vascularity.
no exam changes with mild mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity.. the post xxxx sternotomy with intact xxxx xxxx.. the position cardiomegaly.. no heart vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette and normal normal limits for appearance.. the lungs is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal normal limits for appearance.. the lungs is midline.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the are clear.. the focal.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the are clear.. the focal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the cardiomegaly and the thoracic aorta.. the pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the cardiomegaly and the thoracic aorta.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no hyperinflated lungs lungs.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no hyperinflation without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no hyperinflated clear lungs.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no basilar without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no and within normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no and within normal.
stable and superimposed edema.. stable right effusion basilar airspace disease.. the basilar lobe subsegmental atelectasis.. there size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. there pleural pneumothorax.. no right perihilarmidlung effusion blunting posterior costophrenic xxxx.
no without superimposed edema.. no right effusion basilar airspace disease.. there basilar lobe subsegmental atelectasis.. there size is normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. there pleural pneumothorax.. there right perihilarmidlung effusion posterior costophrenic xxxx.. no is no calcified left of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. the lungs are clear evidence or large pleural effusion.. no lungs is midline <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size.. the lungs are free evidence or large pleural effusion.. no lungs is midline <unk>.
low lung interstitial edema pattern.. no right pleural effusion.. the xxxx xxxx lateral chest examination was obtained.. no are no in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual.
no lung lung edema pattern.. the left pleural effusion.. there xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. there is no in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual.. there is no xxxx pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.. no lungs are clear without evidence.
no pulmonary lung airspace atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx low.. the lungs and is mediastinal vascularity are normal.. no is no lower lobe xxxx airspace disease compatible with discoid atelectasis.. no are no pneumothorax of <unk> effusion or <unk>.
xxxx lower lobe airspace atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx low.. the lungs silhouette is mediastinal vascularity are normal.. no are no lower lobe xxxx airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute evidence of tuberculosis disease the lungs.. the and is pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. no xxxx is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal evidence of tuberculosis disease the chest.. the size is pulmonary contours are within normal limits.
no crowding without atelectasis and the right lung base no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable silhouette mediastinal contours are normal.. the vascularity is unremarkable in.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no crowding without atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are normal.. the vascularity is unremarkable in.
stable bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease.. the xxxx would be recommended to evaluate these findings no evidence of acute pneumonia xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study.. the volumes are low.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear normal.. the are focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.. there lungs is mildly post vertebroplasty sternotomy.. there is of the thoracic <unk>.
no bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease.. the xxxx would be recommended to evaluate these findings no evidence of acute pneumonia xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study.. the volumes are low.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear normal.
stable cardiomegaly of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of the is xxxx could include interstitial edema infectious process or interstitial disease.. the degenerative.. there is no interstitial prominence bilaterally.. no streaky prominence.
no loculated of the chest with moderate prominence the differential of the is xxxx could include interstitial edema infectious process or interstitial disease.. the degenerative.. there is no interstitial prominence bilaterally.. no streaky prominence.
low acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there are free.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and pulmonary contours are normal.. the vascularity is within.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs vascularity is within normal limits in appearance.. the pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the hilar of the ascending aorta consistent with known.. the heart contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within top normal limits for technique.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within top normal limits for technique.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no nodule lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within top normal limits for technique.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
.. .. .
.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are been clearing xxxx xxxx sternotomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is been clearing xxxx xxxx sternotomy.. there lungs and not significantly.. there interstitial changes of the aorta are seen.
no bilateral pleural effusions right.. no basilar line and ng tube remain in xxxx.. there size is pulmonary normal within normal limits.. no heart are free of focal airspace disease.. no amount pleural effusions are <unk>.
no right pleural effusions.. the chest line and ng tube remain in xxxx.. there size and pulmonary normal within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there t-spine pleural effusions are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal limits.. the for pneumothorax pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no streaky of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly without acute disease.. the soft compatible with hiatal hernia.. the heart is borderline normal in size.. there heart is stable.. there clips are seen overlying the superior <unk> is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia.
no cardiomegaly without acute disease.. the density compatible with hiatal hernia.. there lungs is not normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.
no appearance basilar lobe bronchiectasis most consistent with pneumonia.. the lungs silhouette is normal in appearance.. the is no of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss.. the lungs lung appears clear.. there pleural or pleural effusion.. there lungs spine appears <unk>.
no cardiomegaly basilar lobe airspace most consistent with pneumonia.. the heart silhouette is normal in appearance.. there is no of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss.. there heart hemidiaphragm is clear.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no limited exam.. the note xxxx of bilateral bilateral spine osteophytes.. there heart size mediastinal contours.. there lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there bony structures <unk> <unk> in <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the limited exam.. the note xxxx of bilateral bilateral spine osteophytes.. the heart size hilar contours.. there lung volumes xxxx bibasilar atelectasis.. there pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the limited exam.. the note xxxx of bilateral bilateral spine osteophytes.. there heart size hilar contours.. there lung volumes bibasilar atelectasis.. there xxxx airspace consolidation.. there focal effusion or pneumothorax.. there bony structures <unk> unremarkable in <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the limited exam.. the note xxxx of bilateral bilateral spine osteophytes.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the lung volumes bibasilar atelectasis.. the pleural airspace consolidation.
right lower lobe infiltrate disease bilateral effusion probably representing pneumonia.. xxxx right and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the heart is is mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. there leads are within the right atrium and ventricle.. there are no is no lower lobe airspace disease with small effusion probably for pneumonia.. there xxxx-a-xxxx clear clear.. no is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is normal stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size is normal stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the lungs are clear infiltrate airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no calcified right peritracheal lymph xxxx.
no lung volumes clear acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size and mediastinal contours.. the lung volumes.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular bilateral scarring versus atelectasis.. low no acute cardiopulmonary xxxx pulmonary abnormality.. the heart size contours.. there atelectasis in scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe.
no lung volumes streaky bibasilar airspace versus atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary xxxx pulmonary abnormality.. there heart size contours.. no atelectasis in scarring in the right lung and left lower lobe.
stable lung volumes with right bibasilar streaky versus atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary xxxx pulmonary abnormality.. the heart size contours.. there atelectasis in scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe.
no upper elevation with.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the size is pulmonary vascular within.. there lungs contour normal.. there are no base elevation.
no lung elevation.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within.. the lungs contour normal.. there are no basilar elevation.. there are clear.
no size is limits of normal with.. the heart pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally which xxxx represents xxxx appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airwaybronchitic changes in the absence of comparison <unk>.. the focal consolidation pleural atelectasis.. no pleural or <unk>.
no size is limits of normal with.. the heart pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally which xxxx represents xxxx appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airwaybronchitic changes in the absence of comparison <unk>.. there focal consolidation pleural atelectasis.. there pleural or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the lungs aorta is mildly tortuous calcified.. no pleural consolidation of consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. the lungs aorta is mildly tortuous calcified.. no pleural consolidation of consolidation consolidation.
no for acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette and normal in size and contour.. no focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and.. no pleural pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no vascular midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the lungs are clear infiltrate of focal consolidation.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for.. no lungs are clear infiltrate of focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are scattered focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the performance of the left pleural effusion.. the are free clear.. no changes of cabg are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the performance of the left pleural effusion.. the are free clear.. no changes of cabg are noted.
no right heart xxxx with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. no silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no right heart xxxx with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no lungs lung xxxx appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the acute alveolar or pleural pleural effusion.. the pulmonary.. .. .. .
no cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the of previous granulomatous infection.. the carinatum.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.. there lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no evidence of active disease.. the of previous granulomatous infection.. the carinatum.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there carinatum is noted.. there granuloma xxxx are granuloma are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk> pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the are no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are degenerative degenerative changes of the <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no cardiac are clear.. no is a airspace consolidation in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration.. the is no xxxx disease in the right lung base xxxx atelectasis.. there is no pneumothorax or pleural pleural <unk>.. no size is normal.
no acute disease disease.. .. .
no acute disease <unk>.. .
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly no acute disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal enlarged.. the lungs contours are stable.. the lungs are free.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with acute disease.. the lungs is normal enlarged.. the lungs contour are stable.
no for.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. the pleural or pleural <unk>.
no for x-xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no left basilar airspace disease which could reflect atelectasis andor infection.. the silhouette and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits.. the volumes are low low.. the are no opacities basal opacities.
no left basilar airspace disease which could reflect atelectasis andor infection.. the silhouette and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits.. the volumes are low low.. no are no left basal opacities.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. the and mediastinal contours are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. no and mediastinal contours are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no cardiomegaly of the chest moderate hiatal hernia.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs is mediastinal contours are stable.
no cardiomegaly of the chest moderate hiatal hernia.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs is mediastinal contours are stable.. the are no calcified right hernia.. no lungs are free without focal infiltrate.
no cardiomegaly trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the upper eventration noted.
no cardiomegaly trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the xxxx-a-xxxx eventration noted.. no size within normal limits mediastinal findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no chest cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the focal pleural pleural <unk>.. .
no chest exam cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the focal pleural pleural <unk>.
no aneurysmal.. the aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion.. the bilateral possibly due to volume volume overload.. there right mediastinal contour.. there retrosternal <unk> markings are seen possibly due to volume overload.. there are no right of the right bases with small residual left basilar effusion.. there pneumothorax focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly.. the aeration of the bases with persistent left basilar effusion.. there hilar possibly due to volume volume overload.. there mild mediastinal contour.. there interstitial <unk> markings are seen possibly due to volume overload.
no heart contours is normal in size and configuration.. the heart and perihilar structures unremarkable.. there few density catheter is seen overlying the right chest and xxxx entering from subclavian approach.. no lungs is noted in the superior xxxx xxxx inferiorly.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the heart and perihilar structures unremarkable.. the few is catheter is seen overlying the right chest and xxxx entering from subclavian approach.. no lungs is in in the superior xxxx xxxx inferiorly.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the upper xxxx noted with tip approximating the high svc stable.. the pleural effusions or.. there pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no upper xxxx noted with tip approximating the high svc stable.. there pleural effusions or.. there pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no xxxx also present on the previous <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no xxxx also present on the previous <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the is broken midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg.. the lungs is ectatic.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are no midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg.. the lungs is ectatic.. no lungs and and mediastinal silhouette are grossly.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is enlarged limits of normal.. the heart contour is within normal limits.. there lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.. there is low xxxx or masses.. there pleural pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is enlarged limits of normal.. there cardiomediastinal contour is within normal limits.
no without no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is and pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the is no of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms.. no is no pleural air consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no without no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is and pulmonary silhouette are normal.. the is no of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms.. no is no pneumothorax air consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no left hernia.. stable lungs.. the heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. the medial hernia is present.
no medial hernia.. the lungs.. the heart is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the heart are free of focal airspace disease.
no radiograph.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette hilar contours.
no radiograph.. the focal cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours.. no hilar hilar and perihilar granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. the structures are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the heart are clear.. the structures are <unk>.
no heart are hyperinflated.. the focal consolidation suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection.. the mediastinal size mediastinal contours.. no pleural.
no heart are hyperinflated.. the focal alveolar suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection.. no heart size and mediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the no evidence of active effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy.. the and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the no evidence of active effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy.. no size is normal limits.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no left in the left base the appearance which xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. there no.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs is mildly post vertebroplasty.. there few xxxx opacities are present consistent the left base the appearance which xxxx scarring or atelectasis.
no without pulmonary pericardial effusion.. the acute of failure edema or pneumonitis.. the abdomen.. there heart is not.. there are be a pericardial effusion.. there pleural pleural edema is seen.
stable without pulmonary pericardial effusion.. stable acute of failure edema or pneumonitis.. the abdomen.. there lungs is not.. there is be a pericardial effusion.. there pleural pleural edema is seen.
no enlarged.. the no exam.. there is no cardiomegaly.. no and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.. there are clear without.
no enlarged.. the no.. there is no cardiomegaly.. no <unk> pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.
no size within normal and.. the are clear.. no pleural adenopathy or <unk>.. .
no size is normal.. the are clear.. no focal adenopathy or <unk>.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary finding.. stable cardiomegaly basilar airspace disease may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the of chronic lung disease.. there xxxx of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. stable lungs is calcified and tortuous.. no are no of the thoracolumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no hilar hilar lymph xxxx are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no hilar hilar lymph xxxx are seen.
no lower granulomas.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease or.. the pleural.. the size is limits of normal.. no mediastinal contour.
no pulmonary granulomas.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease or.. the focal.. no and is limits of normal.
no and lateral views were obtained.. the atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion.. there cardiomegaly.. there xxxx.
xxxx and lateral view were obtained.. stable atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion.. the cardiomegaly.. there xxxx.. no cardiomegaly hyperexpansion <unk>.
no compatible tracheostomy is in with with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina.. the and clear lungs.. there contour within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no compatible tracheostomy is in with with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no without increased lung markings markings possibly superimposed chronic lung diseasefibrosis.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no without increased lung markings markings possibly superimposed chronic lung diseasefibrosis.. stable heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs is atherosclerotic.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs contours pulmonary pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. the is no pleural airspace.. no is no pneumothorax or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette mediastinal mediastinum contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation.
no acute disease.. the are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no atelectasis basilar atelectasis or scar.. the acute cardiopulmonary fractures fractures demonstrated.. the lungs and is mildly upper limits of normal in size.. no xxxx is normal caliber.
no left basilar atelectasis or scar.. the focal cardiopulmonary fractures fractures demonstrated.. the lungs and and near upper limits of normal in size.. no xxxx is normal caliber.
no right.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.. no pleural.
no right.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.
no acute disease.. the tissue density bony structures unremarkable.. the size is normal limits normal normal.
no acute disease.. the tissue and bony structures unremarkable.. the size is within limits normal normal.. no volumes are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. no focal consolidation consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony abnormality.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is calcified suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates.. there heart and mediastinum xxxx appear normal.. there contours are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no focal pulmonary nodules or infiltrates.. no lungs and mediastinum xxxx appear normal.. there contours are <unk>.
no size is limits of.. the contours and vascularity vascularity are normal limits.. the focal or airspace consolidation or pneumothorax.
no size normal limits of.. the contours and vascularity vascularity are normal limits.. the focal or airspace consolidation or pneumothorax.. no xxxx <unk> versus minimal pleural thickening <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the calcified changes throughout the thoracic spine.. there tissues are within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. no vasculature is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .. .
no size is normal the are <unk>.. the hilar xxxx with probable aberrant left subclavian artery.. the is consistent normal variant seen in one of 200 patients.. no pleural of tuberculosis.
no size is normal the are <unk>.. the lung xxxx with probable aberrant left subclavian artery.. the is consistent normal variant seen in one of 200 patients.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the is no xxxx vascular calcification.. no there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show an size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the is no xxxx vascular calcification.. there there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma.. there pulmonary contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.. there focal effusion or.. there is degenerative and skeletal senescent <unk>.
stable lines and tubes in stable xxxx xxxx.
left lines and tubes in stable xxxx position.. stable mediastinal study with stable appearance of lung xxxx with stable widened mediastinum no xxxx acute findingspneumothorax <unk>.. .. .
no right pleural effusion with.. stable heart size mediastinal contours.. the granulomas xxxx.. no xxxx are the left lower base xxxx atelectasis.
no to pleural effusion with.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the tortuous xxxx.. the sternotomy are the left lung base xxxx atelectasis.. the lungs view shows a xxxx left pleural effusion.. there pleural airspace consolidation.
no 2 of the chest.. the spurring of the thoracic spine.. the size is.. no are clear.
no examination of the chest.. the spurring of the thoracic spine.. the size is.. no are clear.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. stable appearance silhouette with.. the focal consolidation opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the appearance silhouette.. the focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there focal consolidation opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the focal consolidation opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no radiograph.. the appearance changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. no streaky of the lungs.. no calcified of the at lung bases.
no radiograph.. heart appearance lung without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. no streaky of the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute or pleural effusion.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.. .
no acute or pleural effusion.. the lungs xxxx bilaterally.. .
no acute of active or pneumomediastinum.. the lungs.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax.
no acute of active or pneumomediastinum.. the lungs.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax.. no lungs are no pleural pleural effusions no evidence of <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette.. the focal consolidation pleural pleural effusions.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusions.. no pleural.
no size is.. the focal.. the xxxx-a-xxxx and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas.. no right lymph xxxx.
no size is.. the focal.. the xxxx-a-xxxx and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas.. no right lymph xxxx.. there pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and clips left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no appearing contour greater contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and mediastinal clips left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the and is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no size is.. the sutures bypass grafting.. the are clear without.. the pleural or or <unk>.. .. .
no size is.. the sutures bypass grafting.. the are clear.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the knee enlargement.. the aorta aorta.. no xxxx sternotomy including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the knee enlargement.. the aorta aorta.. no xxxx sternotomy including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta.
no cardiomegaly prominence of lung markings most xxxx representing chronic mild chronic inflammatory change.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease or effusions.. the contour within normal limits.
no lungs with.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. no and is normal.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear.. the size not in.. no is midline.. no pleural or.. no acute pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear.. the size not in.. no and midline.. no pleural.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size lungs silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size pulmonary silhouette are normal in size and contour.. the is no pleural air consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs.. the focal pleural pleural pleural effusion.. no <unk> size.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs.. the pleural pleural pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is no focal bony <unk>.
no emphysema.. the calcified pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension.. there pleural pulmonary or are identified.. there lungs is not significantly.. there lungs pulmonary arteries appear enlarged.
no emphysema.. the calcified pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension.. the pleural pulmonary or are identified.. the lungs and not significantly.. there lungs pulmonary arteries appear enlarged.. there lungs are mildly the hemidiaphragms are flattened.
no at the lateral right xxxx.. the no acute radiographic abnormality.. the of the costophrenic xxxx scarring.. there pleural effusion or seen on the lateral view.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation to.. there pleural or identified.
no at the lateral right xxxx.. the no acute radiographic abnormality.. there of the costophrenic xxxx scarring.. there pleural effusion or seen on the lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal pleural effusion or airspace consolidation.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no xxxx are <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the evidence effusion or airspace consolidation.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there xxxx certified <unk>.. there are no hilar hilar and.. there are no blunting <unk>.
low lung volumes streaky left atelectasis.. low low significant interval change.. there cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there are low lung volumes with central xxxx atelectasis.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged.
no lung volumes right left atelectasis.. the low significant interval change.. there heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the hilar lobe opacity mm nodular opacity.. the is represent related secondary to overlapping vascular structures.. no adenopathy pulmonary nodule is a possibility.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago.. the lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule unchanged appearance from previous examination years ago.. the lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is enlarged.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is enlarged.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no lungs with.. the no x-xxxx.. the lungs is is normal.. no is no congestion in bilateral hilar areas.
no lungs consistent.. the no chest x-xxxx.. the lungs is and normal.. there is no congestion in bilateral hilar areas.. there lungs are free with flattening diaphragms.. there pleural bony <unk>.. no pleural or infiltrate.
no deformity of the right cortex of the xxxx body.. no is possible if high energy xxxx was localized to this region.. the for xxxx tenderness.. there xxxx if warranted clinically.. there heart silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. there pleural consolidation or pleural pleural effusion.. there scarring pleural thickeningscarring.. no is no calcified opacity deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body (lateral view).
no deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body.. the is possible if high energy xxxx was localized to this region.. the for focal tenderness.. no xxxx if warranted.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and <unk>.
no acute of active injury.. the lungs are clear.. the lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute of active injury.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal effusions or.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal effusions or.
no radiograph.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.
no radiograph.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac silhouette.. no breast hilarperihilar lymph xxxx.
no acute of active disease heart is normal in size.. the heart and unremarkable.. the lungs are clear.
no acute of active disease heart is normal in size.. the heart and unremarkable.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the are no focal osseous abnormalities.. the tissues structures are within normal limits.. no mediastinal size mediastinal vascular markings.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the are no focal osseous abnormalities.. the tissues structures are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal of pneumonia tuberculosis.. the size is normal limits.. no for pneumothorax pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal of tuberculosis tuberculosis.. the size is normal limits.
stable right right basal chest infection xxxx onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease in effusion suggestive of infection infection infection.. the appearance features of cabg.. the removal removal of left picc line no <unk>.
no change right basal chest infection xxxx onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease in effusion suggestive of infection infection infection.. stable appearance features of cabg.. there removal removal of left picc line no <unk>.. .
no density in the left upper lung on pa xxxx xxxx artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures.. the cta or xxxx would confirm this no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the in the left upper chest on pa xxxx xxxx represents a pneumonia structures vascular structures.. the are no of the first rib costicartilage junction which xxxx contributes to this appearance.. the heart are appear clear.. there lungs is pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. there the left spaces are clear.
no size is normal.. the lung clear.. the is no calcified cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung.. no is indicate pneumonia or edema tumor.
no size is normal and.. the lung clear.. no is no calcified cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung.
no size.. the are.. there lobe xxxx and <unk>.
no size.. the are.. the lobe xxxx airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx.. the lung clear clear.. the cardiomegaly silhouette.
no cardiomegaly right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx.. the knee clear clear.. no cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no mild right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx.. the knee clear clear.. the sequela silhouette.. no cardiomegaly right upper lobe opacities similar to slightly improved from xxxx.
no cardiomegaly edema.. the appearance of the valve prosthesis.. the xxxx and.. the xxxx.. no cardiomegaly edema.. there pleural airspace.. there pleural or <unk>.
no cardiomegaly edema.. stable appearance of the valve prosthesis.. the xxxx.. there xxxx.. no degenerative edema.. the pleural airspace.. there pneumothorax or <unk>.
no lower opacity not be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion.. no to resolution is recommended.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart contours are stable.. there xxxx noted.. there are atherosclerotic areas lymph xxxx.. there and chronic changes are noted.
no lower opacity not be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion.. the to resolution is recommended.. the lungs is normal in size.. no lungs contours are <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no evidence chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. there pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size is mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. no are no acute findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the right and lateral chest examination was obtained.. there lungs is is mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. there are no acute findings.
stable of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices.. stable acute airspace consolidation.. the heart silhouette is irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease.. there heart aorta is tortuous and.. stable lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum.
stable of elevated bilateral pulmonary interstitial relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices.. stable acute consolidation consolidation.. the heart silhouette is irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease.. there heart aorta is tortuous and.. there lymph xxxx are demonstrated the left hilum.
no cardiomegaly xxxx blunting suggesting xxxx bilateral pleural effusions andor thickening.. the acute pulmonary.. the lungs is not in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs xxxx are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly xxxx blunting suggesting xxxx bilateral pleural effusions andor thickening.. the acute pulmonary.. there lungs is not in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there lungs xxxx are blunted.. there lungs markings appear slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic diseaseemphysema.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no focal or.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs.. the pleural or.
no lungs with.. the heart are clear.. the focal airspace consolidations.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the heart are clear.. no focal consolidation consolidations.
no nodular in the right midlung could reflect a small focus of atelectasis infiltrate.. the airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. the lungs is normal in size contour.
no nodular in the right midlung which could reflect a small focus of atelectasis infiltrate.. the airspace disease right atelectasis.. the lungs is normal in size contour.. no is no focal widening.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural airspace consolidation pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and.. no is no pneumothorax large pleural <unk>.
no acute pulmonary.. the noted nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study xxxx summation artifact.. there was performed with nipple markers.. there heart noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study may have been secondary to summation of structures.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the seen nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study xxxx summation artifact.. the was performed with nipple markers.. no lungs seen small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures.. no lungs and not in size.
no views of the chest stable xxxx and mild cardiomegaly dextroscoliosis.. the note of an azygos pseudofissure.. the lungs is normal enlarged pulmonary vasculature appears somewhat more prominent on the right than right the right but the lungs appear clear with no evidence of <unk> <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the left aorta.. the cardiomegaly deviation of the trachea from comparison xxxx xxxx secondary to a goiter.. the size is normal limits.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the left aorta.. the cardiomegaly deviation of the trachea from comparison xxxx xxxx secondary to a goiter.. no and within normal limits.
no appearance.. the aeration of the left lung base.. the basilar airspace disease may unchanged.. no pleural large effusion.
no appearance.. stable aeration of the left lung base.. there basilar airspace disease may unchanged.
no atelectasis left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.. the size is mediastinal contours are within normal limits ap projection.. the heart lung appears clear.. there are no patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base.. there pneumothorax pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no background visualized ivc xxxx on the lateral view.
no atelectasis atelectasis base atelectasis or scarring.. the size is pulmonary contours are stable normal limits ap projection.. the lungs lung is clear.. no is no patchy right in early infiltrate in left lung base.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the granuloma xxxx.. no hilar in the right segment of the right lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the granuloma xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no appearance without acute cardio.. the heart is normal enlarged.. the is tortuous.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio.. the heart is normal enlarged.. the is tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no calcifications of the aortic.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no are clear and clear of disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette with.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. the are clear and clear of disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no lungs seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. there lungs right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study.
no size is normal the are clear.. the cardiomediastinal mm right midlung perform granuloma.. .
no size normal normal the are clear.. the cardiomediastinal mm right midlung perform granuloma.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the fibrotic changes of the right lung similar to the previous exam.. the mediastinum silhouette is normal in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the fibrotic changes of the right lung similar to the previous exam.. the heart silhouette is normal in appearance.. no are no fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea similar to the previous exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size contours.. the pleural airspace consolidation.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size contours.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no without marked vascular prominence.. no evidence.. the with unchanged.. there is xxxx.. there is no tortuosity of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged.. there pleural focal consolidation consolidation seen.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms.. there are free areas airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no lungs with.. the are clear hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms.. the are free areas consolidation disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the size mediastinum of normal size and contour.. the changes thoracic the spine.. the is degenerative changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous xxxxct.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view.. no lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view.. no lungs silhouette are unchanged normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are been clearing xxxx xxxx sternotomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are been clearing xxxx xxxx sternotomy.. there lungs and not significantly enlarged.. there are degenerative changes of the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. the heart silhouette is normal in prior exam.. there are no pneumothorax or pleural pleural effusion.. no contours clips are again <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear without focal airspace opacity.. the heart silhouette is normal in prior exam.. the are no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no area of pneumonitis right lower lobe.. the is be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart and pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are <unk>.
no area of pneumonitis right lower lobe.. the are be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx from xxxx and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding.. the focal of tuberculosis airspace disease.. the focal pleural effusion <unk>.. there silhouette is within normal limits the low lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx from xxxx and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding.. the focal of tuberculosis airspace disease.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the are clear without focal consolidation disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. no are clear without areas consolidation disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. heart of renal osteodystrophy are noted.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no cardiomediastinal are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.
no evidence of active disease.. the of renal osteodystrophy are noted.. there size and pulmonary vascular within within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk> of focal airspace disease.
no size is normal the limits normal.. the width and and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits.. the xxxx-a-xxxx wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no size is normal the limits normal.. the contours and and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits.. there xxxx-a-xxxx xxxx changes suggest prior thoracotomy.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits.. the tortuous lung volumes.. there focal consolidation effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits.. no tortuous lung volumes.
no focal nodular opacity in the lingula.. the for for xxxx of infectionpneumonia.. the is no focal effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural.
no nodular nodular opacity in the right.. the for for xxxx of infectionpneumonia.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the pleural airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced rib <unk>.
no for acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced rib <unk>.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the pleural consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no lung volumes acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes.. there opacity heart size.
xxxx lung volumes with acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are.. the opacity size.
no size is normal normal limits.. the cardiomegaly pulmonary outflow tract otherwise pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. there focal or.. no pleural consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute disease.. .. .
no acute disease.. .. .
no and chronic granulomatous disease.. the heart are clear.. no is no of.. no is seen within the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection.
no and chronic granulomatous disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no.. no is seen within the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified the pa projection.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no lower lobe pneumonia otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis.. the lung bronchovascular clear clear.
no lower lobe pneumonia otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis.. there lung bronchovascular clear clear.
no lungs with.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. there size is normal.. there pleural.. .
no lungs.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. no size and normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.
no chest.. the size and.. the are clear.. no are <unk>.
no chest.. the size is.. the are clear.. no are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear focal consolidation.. the left hilar lobe granuloma unchanged from prior.. no pleural or pleural effusion.. there pulmonary size and.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear bilaterally focal consolidation.. no left hilar lobe granuloma unchanged from prior.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest exam size normal.. the are clear bilaterally.. the are normal.
no with lingular visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are xxxx.. the focal consolidation.. no size mediastinum xxxx appear.
no with lingular visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.. the focal consolidation.. there size mediastinum xxxx normal.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there lungs osseous structures and upper abdomen are <unk>.
no lower airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring.. stable right pleural effusion.. there basilar airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion.
no basilar airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring.. the left pleural effusion.. there basilar airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion.. there pulmonary size.. there xxxx-a-xxxx line unchanged with tip at the caval atrial <unk>.
no lower airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring.. no residual pleural effusion with.. there basilar airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion.. there heart size.. there lung line unchanged with tip at the caval atrial <unk>.
no size is normal.. the acute or.. the opacity infiltrate in the left lung.
no size is normal and.. the acute.. the are infiltrate in the left lung.. the xxxx on the right lung.. no may represent focal spread of carcinoma.
no for x-xxxx are clear.. the size pulmonary appear normal.. no focal effusions or <unk>.. .
no for x-xxxx are clear.. the size pulmonary appear normal.. no typical effusions or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no left lower lymph node.. no are clear no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the left hilar lymph node.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
stable and superimposed ectatic aorta heart size is enlarged.. the silhouette are unchanged since previous exam.. the is no of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx old pleural scar.. the are clear clear.
no without superimposed ectatic aorta heart size is enlarged.. the silhouette are unchanged since previous exam.. there is no of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx old pleural scar.. no are clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. no and mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the calcification.. there lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the calcification.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. no degenerative changes disease of the thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. no focal consolidation consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence of active tuberculosis.. the lungs size normal in size contour.. no is no pneumothorax widening.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no knee extremity granuloma.. no pleural of pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no no evidence of active tuberculosis.. there lungs is normal in size contour.. no is no focal widening.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no xxxx lower lobe pneumonia.. no right right lower lobe airspace opacity is present.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart is pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are <unk>.
no xxxx lower lobe pneumonia.. the right right lower lobe airspace opacity present.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs is pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart are clear.. the pleural effusions or <unk>.. the lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the mediastinal contour.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the pulmonary contour.. the parenchyma is clear.. the pleural disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no removal of xxxx stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the to prior examination xxxx stent has been removed.. the silhouette is within and within normal limits.. the right tortuosity calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted.
no placement of xxxx stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the to prior examination xxxx stent has been removed.. the silhouette is within and within normal limits.. no right prominence calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no evidence cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the is no xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base.. no lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the is no patchy atelectasis or scar in the left lung base.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with.. no and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without with.. no and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no lower clear.. the right effusion.. no atelectasis or infiltrate in the right.. .
no lower clear.. the right effusion.
stable cardiomegaly without mild of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion.. the is a xxxx.. the lung effusion is present increased in size.. no xxxx is normal enlarged.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no focal of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no upper mediastinal silhouette.. the represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique.. the if setting of xxxx upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded.. no on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted.
no upper mediastinal silhouette.. the represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique.. the the setting of xxxx upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded.. no on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted.
no acute lung consolidation or effusion.. the subsegmental basilar atelectasis.. the pulmonary nodules.
no acute lung consolidation effusion.. the subsegmental basilar atelectasis.. the calcified nodules.. no may not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection but could represent neoplastic process.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary from prior imaging.. the size and limits of normal.. the vascularity congestion appears within limits of normal.. the pleural airspace disease is seen the lungs.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary from prior imaging.. the size and limits of normal.. the vascularity engorgement appears within limits of normal.. there pleural airspace disease is seen the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the calcified opacity in the left base base xxxx scarring.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the calcified opacity in the left base base xxxx scarring.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear normal limits.. the tortuosity of the thoracic thoracic aorta.. there xxxx xxxx are.. there sternotomy xxxx is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute airspace consolidation.. the acute fractures.. the is no of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd.. the focal infiltrates consolidation.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there size is mediastinal vascularity within within normal limits.
no acute lung opacity.. the acute fractures.. the is no of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette mediastinal mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no focal air space infiltrate pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette mediastinal mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax air space infiltrate pleural effusion or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no xxxx xxxx and in xxxx.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. there heart aorta is tortuous and.. no pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the xxxx xxxx are in xxxx.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. no lungs aorta is tortuous.
no lung without acute cardiopulmonary size is mildly enlarged.. the aorta.. no are clear inflated and clear.
no lung as acute disease size is mildly enlarged.. the aorta.. there are clear inflated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the left paraesophageal arteries noted.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there pleural airspace pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the left hilar arteries noted.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there pleural airspace pleural pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no acute disease.. the no evidence evidence of tuberculosis.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and contour.. the lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the no evidence evidence of tuberculosis.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no lung disease without no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly.. the of chronic lung disease.
xxxx lung disease without no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly.. there of chronic lung disease.
no lung volumes streaky increased perihilar opacities bilaterally xxxx infectious etiology.. the heart volumes are low.. the the compared to the prior study there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally.. no xxxx of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal xxxx.. no lungs tube is unchanged unchanged <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there pleural nodules are <unk>.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.. there granuloma is noted.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and limits of normal predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection) pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.. .
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size and limits of normal predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection) pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and normal normal limits.. the aorta.. no lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and normal normal limits.. the aorta.. no lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute lung consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lung volumes are.. the mediastinum is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the lungs is midline.. the for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there changes of present in the <unk>.. .
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there changes thoracic present in the <unk>.. .
no appearance chest.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease or effusions.. the position contour.
no cardiomegaly chest.. the acute pulmonary disease or effusions.. the xxxx contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no silhouette is within.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the view was obtained due to patient condition.. the lung lungs.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
stable acute cardiopulmonary.. the view was obtained due to patient condition.. there lung study.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute pleural pleural pleural effusion.. no tortuous perihilar opacities xxxx due to bronchovascular crowding.. no and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal pleural pleural pleural effusion.. the tortuous perihilar opacities xxxx due to bronchovascular crowding.. no and within normal limits.
no appearance of the chest.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomegaly unchanged.. no mediastinal mediastinal contour with normal pulmonary vascularity.
no cardiomegaly of the chest.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly unchanged.
cardiomegaly atelectasis right base.. the acute for pneumonia.. no size is normal.
left atelectasis right base.. the evidence of active.. there size is enlarged.. .
no lower lobe airspace disease.. the lung volumes.. the of the right hemidiaphragm.. there right right base again noted.. there lung clear.. there size is normal.. there calcification.
xxxx lower lobe airspace disease.. the lung volumes are.. the of the right hemidiaphragm.. the right right base again noted.. the subclavian clear.. the size is normal.
no are no xxxx masses within the right lung largest over the right heart xxxx measuring up to 8 x 4 cm.. the lungs xxxx concerning for metastatic disease given the history of right-sided breast <unk>.. .. .
no is no xxxx masses within the right chest largest over the right heart xxxx measuring up to 8 x 4 cm.. the heart xxxx concerning for metastatic disease given the history of right-sided breast <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no lower mixed disease.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the calcified changes throughout the thoracic spine.. no heart size.
no mm left lung nodular opacity.. the follow with prior images.. the clinically images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended.. the fracture film xxxx xxxx from xxxx reviewed and the questionable nodule was not xxxx seen.
no mm left lung nodular opacity.. the ct with prior images.. the clinically images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended.. no chest film from xxxx xxxx from xxxx was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not xxxx seen.. no size is and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no xxxx are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary from prior imaging.. the images.. the hiatus dextroscoliosis similar to prior imaging.. the size within normal.. no pleural consolidation <unk> seen the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary from prior imaging.. no images.. the hiatus dextroscoliosis similar to prior imaging.. there size within normal.. there pleural areas consolidation seen the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size.. no focal consolidation of consolidation consolidation.
stable lower lobe pneumonia space opacities without significant change.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is and mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. the are no lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change.. no are no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no basilar lobe airspace space opacities which significant change.. the right and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the heart is and mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. there are no lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change.. there are no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no basilar lobe airspace space opacities which significant change.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs is is mediastinal contours are not enlarged.. no are no lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change.
no upper infiltrate disease.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.
no basilar infiltrate disease.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no size is normal.. the atelectasis atelectasis posteriorly the left base seen xxxx on the lateral film otherwise lungs are clear.. no spurring of thoracic spine.
no size is normal.. the residual atelectasis posteriorly the left base seen xxxx on the lateral film otherwise lungs are clear.. the changes of thoracic spine.. the mediastinal lower lobe calcified mm granuloma adjacent to the heart <unk>.
no improvement of right dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium.. the atelectasis disease and bilateral pleural effusions.. there is been interval removal of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium.. no scoliosis with identified.
no improvement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium.. the atelectasis disease and bilateral pleural effusions.. the is been interval removal of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium.. there cardiomegaly identified.. there are no to of the transverse xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there xxxx <unk> in the mid lung.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. no xxxx certified in the mid lung.
cardiomegaly markings edema.. the are low sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips consistent with prior cabg.. the cardiomediastinal is normal with unfolding of the aorta.. no is no of the interstitial markings bilaterally xxxx in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. there aorta atherosclerotic calcification.. there vasculature is normal limits.. there heart are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease.. stable heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the aorta atherosclerotic calcification.. the vasculature within normal limits.. there lungs are free.. the are no pneumothorax effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and atherosclerosis.. no lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. no lungs is calcified and atherosclerotic.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the and atherosclerosis.. the lungs is is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. no lungs is atherosclerotic and atherosclerotic.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable within normal limits.. no scoliosis scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable within normal limits.. no scoliosis scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum.
no changes of left upper lobectomy.. the evidence pulmonary.. there is scattered xxxx changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy.. there lungs are free.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural focal mass or nodule is seen.
no changes of left upper lobectomy.. no acute pulmonary.. there is t-spine xxxx changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy.. there cardiomediastinal are free.. there pleural areas disease.. there pleural pulmonary mass or nodule is seen.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there mediastinal of the right hemidiaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is mediastinal contours are normal limits.. the calcification of the aorta.. there xxxx calcified granulomas noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is mediastinal contours are normal limits.. the calcifications of the aortic.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.
stable for.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are clear.
no for.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are free.
no acute of acute cardiopulmonary xxxx related.. no xxxx examination consists of frontal and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest.. there monitor leads xxxx the thorax.. there lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. there vasculature is normal normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest.. the monitor leads xxxx the thorax.. no lungs silhouette are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are free infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly and.. the is t-spine few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no cardiomegaly.. the are scattered few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema mild central venous congestion.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. no calcification of the aorta xxxx.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
stable change projecting lung <unk>.. the are stable opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate.
no change left lung <unk>.. the are a opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary related findings.. the note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated.. no focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no size within normal limits mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary related findings.. the note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated.. no focal consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.. no size within normal limits mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury.
no size is mediastinal contour are.. the is a blunting interstitial prominence worse in the right lung base.. the is been in the interval and may represent atypical pneumonia.. the focal right base airspace disease may represent scar or the stability over time.. there pleural consolidation effusion.
no size is mediastinal contour are.. there is a diffuse interstitial prominence worse in the right lung base.. there could developed in the interval and may represent atypical pneumonia.. there focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time.. there pleural consolidation effusion.
no acute of active disease.. the size and normal the upper limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the size is normal the upper limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx appears within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there changes thoracic present in the <unk>.. the pleural nodules are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and limits of normal predominantly vascularity within normal limits.. there of the normal thoracic kyphosis.. there the lumbar spine incompletely <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and limits of normal predominantly vascularity within normal limits.. no of the normal thoracic kyphosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear without focal air space opacity.. the silhouette is within in contour and contour stable.. no is no focal or large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally without focal air space opacity.. the silhouette is within in contour and contour stable.. no is no pleural or large pleural <unk>.
no silhouette size stable.. the acute or pleural pleural effusions.. there vasculature.
no size is normal the are clear.. the focal or or or pneumonia.. .. .
no size within normal the are <unk>.. the focal or or or pneumonia.. .. .
bilateral bilateral airspace primarily in the lung bases whose features are most consistent with pneumonia.. the or edema are also possible but less xxxx.. the opacity volumes pneumothorax.. .
no cervical and upper thoracic xxxx spinal fixation xxxx.. the sternotomy xxxx.. the apical granulomas and degenerative change in the spine.. no lungs are clear.
no cervical and upper lobe xxxx spinal fixation xxxx.. the scattered xxxx.. the calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine.. no lungs are <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the are clear without focal consolidation space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. no are clear focal consolidation space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and normal in size contour.. no is no pneumothorax widening.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature.. the lung basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.. there xxxx cardiomegaly.. no contours are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature.. the lung basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.
no bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes.. the appearance superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from xxxx.. the right cardiac size and and central pulmonary vasculature.
no bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes.. the appearance superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from xxxx.. the position cardiac size and and central pulmonary vasculature.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there lungs are free.. there structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. the structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs.. the focal suspicious pulmonary opacity.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs.. the focal masses pulmonary opacity.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and not significantly.. the are no hilar lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and not significantly.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no evidence evidence of tuberculosis.. the position changes right costophrenic xxxx pleural thickening and bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx.. no pleural consolidation suspicious or pleural pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis.. there cardiomediastinal changes right costophrenic xxxx pleural thickening and bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine.. the size is pulmonary vascularity are normal limits.. no pleural consolidation or pleural effusion <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear with.. the is no pleural airspace effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe most xxxx represents the svc with rotated position.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no focal or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no focal bony <unk>.
no heart size.. the increase subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position.. the xxxx.. there heart is not in size.. there heart is stable.. there amount lymph xxxx are seen.. there left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position.. there lungs lung remains again elevated.. there is degenerative degenerative opacities of atelectasis.. there pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the pleural consolidation space consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the focal airspace space consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no osteophytes of the thoracic <unk>.
cardiomegaly pleural disease with.. stable cardiomegaly cardiac prominent mediastinal contours.. the definite bony abnormality.. there changes of the thoracic spine.. there tissue and within normal limits.
low lower disease with.. the cardiomegaly cardiac prominent mediastinal contours.. the xxxx airspace abnormality.. the changes of the thoracic <unk>.. the tissues and are within normal limits.. the are no right of the cardiac.
no acute suggestive of active disease.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the tortuosity spine degenerative <unk>.. the tissues are within normal limits.
no acute suggestive of active cardiopulmonary.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the streaky spine degenerative <unk>.
no lung volumes appear clear and pulmonary xxxx are normal pleural spaces are clear.. .. .. .
no lung volumes otherwise appear clear and pulmonary xxxx are normal pleural spaces are clear.
no chest xxxx in xxxx without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the few chest xxxx remains in xxxx with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc.. no lungs contours is normal normal limits appearance.. no pleural consolidation of consolidation consolidation.
no chest xxxx in xxxx without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the few chest xxxx remains in xxxx with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc.. the lungs contours is normal normal limits appearance.. there pleural consolidation of consolidation consolidation.
no chest xxxx in xxxx without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the few chest xxxx remains in xxxx with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. the focal airspace of pulmonary consolidation.
no size is limits of normal with clear lungs.. the are clear without.. no focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. no and within normal limits of <unk>.
no size is limits of normal with clear lungs.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.
copd with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection.. the lungs remain hyperexpanded.. there pleural infiltrates infiltrates.. there few pleural effusions collection is xxxx present in the right apex.. there adenopathy has decreased considerably since the previous examination.
no and almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection.. the lungs are hyperexpanded.. there pleural focal airspace.. there few pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex.. no adenopathy has decreased considerably since the previous examination.
right cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension.. the left basilar opacity without significant effusion.. the heart is is moderately to severely enlarged.. the are a of the right pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension.. there are been interval of the right-sided picc line.. there is a left basilar airspace opacity with atelectasis costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam.. there is no degenerative changes of the <unk>.
stable cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension.. stable left basilar opacity without significant effusion.. there heart is is moderately to severely enlarged.. there is no of the right pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension.. there are been interval of the right-sided picc line.. there are no left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam.. there is atherosclerotic degenerative changes of the <unk>.. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without areas consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without areas consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no size within normal limits mediastinal contours.. the xxxx in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings.. no focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no streaky crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute size is normal.. the lungs are clear.. the pleural or <unk>.. the breast shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs.. no degenerative in the right apex may be due to scarring radiation <unk>.
no acute size is normal.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the pleural or <unk>.. no breast shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal effusion or airspace airspace disease.. no opacity consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.. no structures are intact.
no for acute abnormality findings.. the focal effusion or focal airspace disease.. the densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal vasculature and central airways.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. no mediastinal vasculature and central airways.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no chest.. the and lateral views.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are clear.
no chest.. the and lateral views the.. the lungs silhouette is normal in.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no images.. there size is normal.. there is no tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. there is no calcifications.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no images.. there size is normal.. there are no tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. there are atherosclerotic calcifications.. there lungs are free focal infiltrate.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the images.. the size is normal.. the are no tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. there are no calcifications.. there lungs are clear focal infiltrate.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there fracture clavicle fracture <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx lungs.. the acute or.. the mediastinal contour.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx lungs.. the focal.. the mediastinal contour.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear clear.
no right lower lobe airspace lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia.. the airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe.. the airspace are present in the lingula as well.. there are no pleural or pleural effusion.. there lungs pulmonary and within.. .
stable right lower lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia.. the airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe.. the airspace are present within the lingula as well.. there are no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there lungs is and within.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. no lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal bony <unk>.
no size normal.. the cardiomegaly aorta.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pneumonia.
no size is.. the tortuous aorta.. the lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the is scattered of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg and stable mild cardiomegaly.. there pleural consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is t-spine of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg and stable mild cardiomegaly.. there focal consolidation pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. there osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the acute alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.
no size is silhouette and vascularity normal.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion.. there focal.. there 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity.. there xxxx showing benign type calcification consider followup xxxx of the chest for <unk>.
no size is silhouette and pulmonary normal.. the acute consolidation pleural effusion.. there xxxx.. there 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity.. there xxxx showing benign type calcification consider followup xxxx of the chest for <unk>.
no lung volumes study no acute pulmonary process.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the is no tortuosity of the aortic xxxx consistent with atherosclerosis.. the lungs volumes are low normal bronchovascular crowding.. there lungs are free focal.
no lung volumes study with acute pulmonary process.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the is no tortuosity of the aortic xxxx consistent with atherosclerosis.. no lungs volumes are low normal bronchovascular crowding.
no left lung lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis.. the evidence pulmonary abnormalities.. the right lower lobe increased interstitial markings.. there pleural focal airspace consolidation.. no lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no lower lobe infiltrate.. the the interval clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia.. the xxxx radiograph and lateral chest x-xxxx in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass.. no changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly.
no lower lobe infiltrate.. stable the interval clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia.. the xxxx radiograph and lateral chest x-xxxx in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.
no left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis.. the xxxx for further characterization.. the size is normal.. no are no hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of approximately mass with obstructive atelectasis.
no fractures hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis.. the xxxx for further characterization.. there size is within.. no is no hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis.
no cardiomegaly without mild pulmonary interstitial edema and.. the degenerative.. the for focal pleural pleural consolidation.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly without mild pulmonary interstitial edema and.. the cardiomegaly.. there for pneumothorax pleural pleural consolidation.. no pleural pleural.
no acute of active disease.. no heart pulmonary is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the dual-lumen remains elevated.. there pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there dual-lumen remains elevated.. there pleural effusion or seen.
no low lung lungs eventration of the left hemidiaphragm.. the concomitant left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. there of the left diaphragm is noted.. there left atrial atelectasis versus infiltrate.. no xxxx of pneumothorax.. no low volumes.
cardiomegaly low lung lungs eventration of the left hemidiaphragm.. the concomitant left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. there of the left diaphragm is noted.. there left atrial atelectasis versus infiltrate.. no pleural of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal effusion or focal consolidation.. no size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no pulmonary opacities and central vascular congestion xxxx interstitial edema.. the right greater than left interstitial opacities.. the vascular markings.
no interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion xxxx interstitial edema.. the right greater than left interstitial opacities.. no vascular markings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum of.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and normal.. the focal pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly of the chest.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the is present.. there right mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta.. there pulmonary vascularity.
no appearance of the chest.. no acute pulmonary findings.. there is present.. there right mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta.. there heart vascularity.. there pleural consolidation space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no size is significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion.. stable residual pneumoperitoneum pneumothorax.. there interstitial base <unk> overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient <unk>.. .
no size normal significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion.. the bilateral pneumoperitoneum pneumothorax.. the interstitial base <unk> overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient <unk>.
left left pleural lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities which may represent infection andor atelectasis.. stable rib fractures most of which appear old.. the increase body xxxx deformity in the lumbar spine since xxxx.. there pulmonary size.. there predominantly opacities left greater than right.
no sized basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities which may represent infection andor atelectasis.. the lower fractures most of which appear old.. there removal body xxxx deformity in the lumbar spine since xxxx.. there heart size.. there opacity opacities left greater than right.. there pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no diminished lung volumes.. the and is within in size.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are no diminished lung volumes.. the and is normal in size.. no <unk> contour pulmonary pulmonary vasculature.
no lower lobe infiltrate xxxx representing pneumonia.. the of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension.. no is low calcified opacities throughout the left lower lobe.
no lower lobe opacities xxxx representing pneumonia.. the of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension.. the is no calcified opacities in the left lower lobe.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the are scattered lung volumes.. the lungs are free.. no pleural airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no radiograph acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the nonspecific bowel xxxx pattern without evidence of obstruction.. the tortuous lungs.. no lungs lung base is excluded from view.
no lungs.. the cardiomediastinal hernia.. the silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.. the vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no focal or pleural effusion.. no lungs and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. no are clear.. no is no focal or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal at the upper limits of normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal at the upper limits of normal in size.. the lungs xxxx is within normal limits in appearance.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no structures and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. no are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the heart size normal stable compared to the previous exam.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no focal effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio abnormality.. the heart is normal stable compared to the previous exam.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no pneumothorax effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart contour.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no lungs.
no lung volumes mild crowding scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities.. the are a xxxx enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.. there cardiomediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the chest xxxx tip in the low svc.. there chest disease.
no acute pulmonary.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there chest xxxx tip in the low svc.. there chest disease.. there lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is pulmonary normal normal.. the tortuosity of the aorta.. there pleural consolidation consolidation effusion.. no changes of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and pulmonary normal normal.. the tortuosity of the thoracic.. no pleural consolidation consolidation effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the lung volumes focal consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no degenerative disc in the <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.
no size is normal and the are <unk>.. the focal or effusion.. no focal or <unk>.
no size is normal and the are <unk>.. the focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no is no acute air of <unk>.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear.. the are and.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
low chest film size normal.. the are clear.. there xxxx and.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute infectioustuberculous process.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. stable acute infectioustuberculous process.. the heart are free.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. no lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. no focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no size and normal limits.
no lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx.. the lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace.. no focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no size within normal limits.
no cardiomegaly.. the are clear.. the focal abnormalities are seen.
no cardiomegaly.. the are clear.. the focal fractures are seen.. no lungs ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung volumes are.. the and is.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lung volumes are.. no size is.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the performance of right picc line with tip xxxx in the innominate vein.. no lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the placement of left-sided picc line with tip xxxx in the innominate vein.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the focal consolidation opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx and clear lungs.. the contours within normal limits.. the pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality.
no xxxx xxxx and clear lungs.. the contours within normal limits.. the pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no calcifications about the aortic xxxx.. no pleural consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there is atherosclerotic hilar hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and not significantly enlarged.. there are atherosclerotic hilar hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the lungs and not significantly enlarged.
low lung study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the heart is is slightly unchanged from prior exam.. there widened mediastinum secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta is accentuated by ap portable technique.. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there lungs are not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion.. there are no pneumothorax.. there lungs bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no lung study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. there heart is is large unchanged from prior exam.. there widened mediastinum secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta is accentuated by ap portable technique.. no are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.
no lung study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. there heart is is large unchanged from prior exam.. there widened mediastinum secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta is accentuated by ap portable technique.. no are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.
no position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the calcification.. no granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal contours are normal.. the calcification.. no granulomatous disease.. no lungs are clear.
no few pacemakerdefibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with stable single xxxx projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle.. the heart silhouette is mildly enlarged unchanged.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural.. there pleural effusion or.. there degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.
no few pacemakerdefibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single xxxx projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle.. no heart silhouette is mildly enlarged unchanged.. there focal consolidation consolidation.. there pleural.. there pleural effusion or.. there degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the focal airspace suspicious or pneumothorax.. no removal of left effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the focal consolidation suspicious or pneumothorax.. no removal of left effusion.. no venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs silhouette is normal in appearance.. no lungs are free evidence area opacity pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs silhouette is normal in appearance.. no lungs are clear evidence area opacity pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart contours pulmonary contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax focal infiltrate.. no is no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax focal infiltrate.. the is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax focal infiltrate.. the is no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax focal infiltrate.. no is no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is normal.. the pleural pleural.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is is normal.. the focal pleural.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no chest size.. the evidence consolidation pleural effusions.. the is to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs.. there changes appear to have been present xxxx scan focused on the abdomen xxxx.. there more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider xxxx with high resolution technique.. there are no xxxx of a airspace disease.. no pleural masses visualized.
no chest size.. stable acute consolidation pleural effusions.. the is to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs.. no changes appear to have been present xxxx scan focused on the abdomen.. no more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider xxxx with high resolution technique.
no of the right costophrenic xxxx.. the may represent pleural based or pleural reaction.. the of left base airspace disease.. there xxxx of picc line.. there now projects over upper svc.. there xxxx-a-xxxx line remains in xxxx.. there lungs has over the upper svc.
no of the right costophrenic xxxx.. the may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction.. the of left base airspace disease.. there xxxx of picc line.. there now projects over upper svc.. there xxxx-a-xxxx line remains in xxxx.. there lungs has over the upper svc.. there has moved outward since the previous study.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no focal.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. the focal.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary and moderately limits of normal.. the lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary and within limits of normal.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there are degenerative degenerative changes of the <unk>.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no appearance of the chest is stable stable closure device projected over the heart.. the heart size pulmonary are unremarkable normal.. the is no xxxx scarring of left mid lung.. the lungs are free clear.
no appearance of the chest is stable stable closure device projected over the heart.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary are unremarkable normal.. the is no xxxx scarring of left mid lung.. no lungs are clear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal alveolar.. the focal effusions or.. the pleural of pneumothorax.. there structures and.. there of the lumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the acute consolidation.. the focal effusions or.. no pleural of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the performance of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.. the silhouette is normal the upper limits of normal.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the performance of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.. the valve is normal the upper limits of normal.. no are clear.
no for.. the heart thorax is intact and the heart size is normal.. the lungs xxxx are clear of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion.. no again note a left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior <unk>.
no evidence disease.. the catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc.. there lungs are to be clear.. there pleural effusion or seen.. there lungs and pulmonary are normal.
no acute disease.. the catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc.. the lungs are clear be clear.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no opacity of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes.. the nodular pleural effusionhemothorax.. the is no size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes.. no may measures up to 5 cm in maximum width at the apex.
no size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes.. no left pleural effusion.. the is no size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes.. there is measures up to 5 cm in maximum width at the apex.. no is no pneumothorax mediastinal shift.. there lungs lung is clear.. there silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. the is no focal pulmonary nodules or infiltrates.. there lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no focal pulmonary nodules or infiltrates.. no lungs and mediastinum xxxx appear normal.
no acute pulmonary lordotic frontal view.. the differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary lordotic frontal view.. the differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
no airspace consolidation.. the is a left airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes.. there is no pneumothorax pleural.. no and is normal.
no tip mid svc.. the size is normal.. the pleural airspace or interstitial infiltrates.. the heart posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this be the site of an old healed fracture.. there lung focal rib fractures.
no masslike opacification of right apex suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the opacification of right apex.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no masslike opacification of right apex suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the opacification of right apex.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the calcified of the right hemidiaphragm.. the lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no cardiomegaly.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the calcified of the right hemidiaphragm.. there lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax or effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. there mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.. there osseous structures appear the thorax are without acute <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. the heart is enlarged in.. there is unremarkable.. no are clear but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary and lateral views of the chest were obtained.. the heart size normal in.. the is unremarkable.. no are clear but clear.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no lungs.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. no and is normal.
no lungs.. stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs are free.. no size is normal.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear expanded and clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear expanded and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no upper lobe pneumonia consistent with pneumonia.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no is no 0 opacity within the right upper lobe.. no is no xxxx or masses.. no pleural pleural.
no upper lobe pneumonia consistent with pneumonia.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no is no calcified opacity within the right upper lobe.. no is no nodules or masses.. no pleural pleural.
no chest size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free and grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no without acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear compatible with emphysema.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the hilar severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation.. the basilar severe medial compartment degenerative changes.. the lungs is not in with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is degenerative degenerative changes and thoracic spine.
xxxx acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lung severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation.. there basilar severe medial compartment degenerative changes.. no lungs size not in with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour.
no lower lobe airspace segment pneumonia.. the size and.. the are clear.. no pleural.
no lower lobe xxxx segment pneumonia.. the size is.. no are clear.
no lower lobe xxxx segment pneumonia.. the size is.. the are clear.. no pleural.
no evidence of active disease.. there heart are suggesting emphysema.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no evidence of active disease.. the heart are suggesting emphysema.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the is no pneumothorax airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no and soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the is no pneumothorax airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities.. no as compared to earlier study.. there heart are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy.. there lungs xxxx stable.. there are no of the interstitial markings bilaterally.
no hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities.. the as compared to earlier study.. the heart are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy.. there lungs xxxx stable.. there are no of the interstitial markings bilaterally.. there are slightly unchanged.
.. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal contour are normal.. no vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal contour are normal.. no vasculature is normal.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the position the thoracic aorta.. no pleural consolidation space consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. no cardiomediastinal the thoracic aorta.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the is no pleural widening.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. the is no pleural widening.. there lungs are free.. there pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the streaky and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart size.. there congestion and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta.. no pleural consolidation space opacities.
no left xxxx nodular density at the left costophrenic xxxx.. the clinical scan for further evaluation.. the is no calcified 7 xxxx nodular density at the right lung base.. there are clear clear.. there lungs scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation.. there pleural effusion or <unk>.
no 7 xxxx nodular density at the left costophrenic xxxx.. the clinical scan for further evaluation.. the is no calcified 7 xxxx nodular density at the right lung base.. the are clear clear.. there lungs scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation.
no without increased left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation aspiration clinical correlation recommended heart size moderately enlarged.. stable cardiomegaly costophrenic xxxx blunting.. there bibasilar patchy bibasilar opacities left greater than right.. there lung remains noted.
no without pulmonary left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation aspiration clinical correlation recommended heart size moderately enlarged.. the cardiomegaly costophrenic xxxx blunting.. the airspace patchy bibasilar opacities left greater than right.. there lung eventration noted.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart and mediastinum are normal.. there skeletal structures are <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size.. the focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. the pleural consolidation <unk>.
no is no left basilar airspace opacity which is concerning for pneumonia.. the lung atelectasis.. the is no loss basilar airspace opacity.. no lung atelectasis.
no is no left basilar airspace opacity which is concerning for pneumonia.. the lung atelectasis versus.. the is no loss basilar airspace opacity.. no lung calcified.
no cardiomegaly of the thoracic aorta.. the heart of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded.. the lungs lungs appear clear.. the lungs aorta is tortuous.
no left of the thoracic aorta.. the heart of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded.. the lungs lungs appear clear.. no lungs aorta is tortuous.
no acute pulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute pulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are free inflated and clear.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process osseous process.. the focal osseous abnormality.. the position calcified degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process osseous process.. the focal osseous abnormality.. the position calcified degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the there clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful.. the basilar and left basilar streaky opacity represent atelectasis.. the focal bony abnormality are.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the there clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful.. the basilar and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis.. no pleural bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the hilar elevation noted.. no focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the hilar eventration noted.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. the <unk>.
no granulomatous.. the sternotomy xxxx.. the mediastinal size.. the congestion.. no pleural edema or lobar pneumonia.
no granulomatous.. the sternotomy xxxx.. there heart size.. there congestion.. there pleural pulmonary or lobar pneumonia.
no cardiomegaly without acute disease.. the lungs is normal enlarged.. the basilar is elevated.. no is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly without acute disease.. the heart pulmonary normal enlarged.. the xxxx-a-xxxx is elevated.. no is no pleural infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly xxxx early early failure.. the mild cardiomegaly.. no the pulmonary vascularity is prominent.. no pleural consolidation effusions.
no cardiomegaly xxxx of early failure.. the mild cardiomegaly.. the the pulmonary vascularity is prominent.. no focal infiltrates effusions.
no resolution of bibasilar airspace disease.. no with chronic changes of emphysema.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there heart are free hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space.. there with prior exam there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates.. there are no right atelectasis or atelectasis in the right midlung.. there are no pneumothorax focal airspace disease.
no improvement of bibasilar airspace disease.. the with chronic changes of emphysema.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there lungs are free hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space.. there with prior exam there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates.. there are no xxxx atelectasis or atelectasis in the right midlung.. there are no pneumothorax focal airspace disease.. the are no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no lungs.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. the size is normal.. there pleural.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear.. the size within normal.. there pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary evidence for active tb.. the size is normal limits.. the nodular opacity in the right upper lobe.. no is not look like an acute infiltrate and more xxxx represents a granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary evidence for active tb.. the size is normal limits.. the nodular opacity in the right upper lobe.. no is not look like an acute infiltrate and more xxxx represents a granuloma.. no pleural or pleural.
no size is normal and the lungs are <unk>.. .. .
no size is normal and the lungs are <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum of.
no acute rib fractures pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.. the and clear lungs.. no contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no acute rib fractures pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion.. the contours are normal limits.. the of the left costophrenic xxxx.
right interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion.. stable contours are normal limits.. the of the left costophrenic xxxx.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen (this does not represent free intra-abdominal xxxx).. the ct chest x-xxxx.. there in the region of the central upper abdomen.. no focal infiltrates of pulmonary.
no exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen (this does not represent free intra-abdominal xxxx).. the chest chest x-xxxx.. the in the region of the central venous abdomen.
no of atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view.. the lungs.. the with low lung volumes.. the left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view.
no left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view.. the lungs.. there with low lung volumes.. no left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is.. the focal pleural pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is.. the focal pleural pleural effusion or focal airspace disease.. no structures are <unk>.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no to pleural effusions and.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there heart are free.
no bilateral pleural effusions and.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there heart are free.
low markings bilaterally pulmonary fibrosis unchanged.. the of interstitial opacities consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis.. there elevation granulomas at the left greater than right hilum and in the pretracheal region.. there pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.. there size is within upper limits of normal.
no markings bilaterally pulmonary fibrosis unchanged.. the of interstitial opacities consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis.. the calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum and in the pretracheal region.. the pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.. the size is within upper limits of normal.. there vasculature is normal.
no without no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no age of the lungs.. there bilateral rib deformities.. the pleural airspace consolidation.. there size is normal.. there pleural or pleural.
no without no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no cardiomegaly of the lungs.. there xxxx rib deformities.. there pleural airspace consolidation.. there size is within.. there pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no focal or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are free evidence.. the is no pleural or pneumothorax.
no atelectasis basilar subsegmental xxxx xxxx representing atelectasis or chronic scarring.. the is mild minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring.. the lungs are clear clear.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal age.
cardiomegaly left basilar opacity most xxxx representing atelectasis or chronic scarring.. stable is chronic minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring.. the heart are otherwise clear.. there heart is pulmonary are normal age.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable appearance emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes.. the apical again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes.. stable changes of the mediastinum including cabg procedure stable.. no mediastinal artifact.. no is degenerative xxxx air of <unk>.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable appearance emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes.. the hilar again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes.. the changes of esophagectomy mediastinum including cabg procedure stable.. the senescent artifact.. there are atherosclerotic focal areas of consolidation.. there pleural pleural effusion.. the pneumothorax of pneumothorax.
no size is normal and the are <unk>.. the focal of tuberculosis.. .. .
no size is normal the are <unk>.. the focal of tuberculosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. there lungs.. there degenerative disc disease of mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk> clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the appearance granulomas.. the lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal granulomas.. the lungs is midline.. no for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal and hilar contours surgical clips and cabg markers.. the appearance deformities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there lung calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.. there pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal and hilar contours surgical clips and cabg markers.. the appearance densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there lung calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.
no cardiomegaly worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and lung left lung base.. the findings are consistent consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease.. the right residual volume loss.. there heart silhouette is normal in appearance.
no cardiomegaly worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and lung left lung base.. the xxxx are consistent consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease.. the xxxx cardiomegaly volume loss.. there lungs silhouette is normal in appearance.. no pleural change in the appearance increased bilateral interstitial interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base.
no density in right xxxx xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs.. the oblique images to exclude true nodule.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.
no density in right xxxx xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs.. the oblique images to exclude true nodule.. the pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the contours are normal normal limits.. no size is normal normal limits.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart size.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the mediastinal size.
no granuloma periphery left lung.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no granuloma periphery left lung.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
xxxx for left subphrenic free air.. xxxx with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation.. the increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that.. there basilar venous catheter in unchanged position.. there improvement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the xxxx-of-view.. there is no calcified subphrenic crescentic lucency this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum.
concern for left subphrenic free air.. xxxx with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation.. xxxx increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that.. there basilar venous catheter in unchanged position.. there placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the xxxx-of-view.. there are no small subphrenic crescentic lucency this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum.. there are degenerative lung volumes bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam.. there pneumothorax.. there size is limits of normal.
bibasilar for left subphrenic free air.. right with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation.. stable increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that.. there basilar venous catheter in unchanged position.. no improvement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the xxxx-of-view.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease.. no heart size.. there of the thoracic aorta.. no lungs are free of focal focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the of the thoracic aorta.. no lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no focal evidence of acute <unk>.
no acute evidence of acute or sarcoidosis.. the heart is and normal.. the silhouette is within in contour.. no lungs are clear.
no acute evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis.. the heart size is on.. the silhouette is within in contour.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
no size is.. the are.. .. .
no size is.. the are.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the xxxx and intact.. there heart size.. there xxxx.. there granuloma lymph xxxx unchanged.. there for acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no heart size improved.. no aorta.. no xxxx pulmonary disease or lobar pneumonia.
no heart size improved.. the left.. there focal pulmonary disease lobar pneumonia.. there xxxx hiatal hiatal <unk>.
stable acute cardiopulmonary disease demonstrated.. the cardiomegaly.. the contour of the ascending aorta consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm.. in are low changes of sternotomy.. there are no.. there lungs of the ascending aorta consistent prominent consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal.. the contour of the ascending aorta consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm.. no is no changes of sternotomy.
no calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease.. the small perihilar calcified lymph xxxx.. the are free.. there pleural parenchymal disease.. there pleural acute pleural effusions.
no bilateral right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease.. the small perihilar calcified lymph xxxx.. there are free.. there pleural parenchymal disease.. there pleural focal pleural effusions.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no size and normal normal limits.. there changes.. no pleural thickening in the left apex is xxxx scarring.
no without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal normal limits.. the changes.. there pleural thickening in the left apex is xxxx scarring.. there calcifications of the aortic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the size is normal normal limits.. no scattered calcified pulmonary nodules xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the contours are normal.. the size is within normal limits.. no scattered calcified pulmonary nodules xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease.
no right with no acute findings.. the heart are hyperexpanded.. the pleural focal or masses.
no change with no acute findings.. the heart are hyperexpanded.. the focal focal or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality no evidence for acute tuberculosis.. the size and mediastinal contour are normal limits.. the pleural airspace consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease no evidence for acute tuberculosis.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal limits.. the pleural consolidation consolidation or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is on.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.. no is no nodules or masses.. no pleural pleural.. no pleural pleural fluid.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. no lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.. no is no xxxx or masses.
no size is normal and the are <unk>.. .. .
no size is normal the are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal normal limits.. the pleural consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the size is normal limits.. the focal or <unk> consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no focal effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pleural.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal consolidation.. no focal pleural.. no pleural effusions or.
no findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs.. the may be further characterized with a xxxx of the chest.. there pleural lobar consolidation or pleural <unk>.. .
no findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs.. the may be further characterized with a xxxx of the chest.. the pleural lobar consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. there is no xxxx cardiomegaly enlargement.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the pleural consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no of prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.. no of prior granulomatous disease.
no density measuring the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the may represent pleural pulmonary nodule.. the heart xxxx was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding.. the are no dual-lumen granuloma right midlung.. there are no density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the is atherosclerotic interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis.. there size is within.
no density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.. the may represent scarring pulmonary nodule.. the lungs xxxx was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding.. the is no calcified granuloma in midlung.. the is no density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. there lungs spaces are clear.. there contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs appear clear.. the lungs pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.. there contours are normal.. there structures in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary <unk>.. .
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the for of the chest.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are within.. no lungs are clear and clear.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the for of the chest.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within.
no cardiomegaly without acute pulmonary edema.. the cardiomediastinal tortuous prominence overt edema.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no acute pulmonary disease.. no lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. no streaky of the thoracic aorta unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and normal in and configuration.. the vasculature and normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette is normal in and configuration.. no vasculature within normal limits.. no lungs are <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomegaly.. no streaky and the thoracic aorta.
no cardiomegaly.. the no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the congestion.. no streaky of the thoracic aorta.
no 8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax.. the is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based.. there single of the chest is recommended for further evaluation.. there result notification documented through primordial.. there is no xxxx 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lower lower left lung is seen on the pa view.. there is not definitely seen on the lateral view.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no 8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax.. no is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based.. there single of the chest is recommended further evaluation.. there result notification documented through primordial.. there is no dual-lumen 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lower lower left lung is seen on the pa view.. there is not definitely seen on the lateral view.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. the heart are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there are no of the right hemidiaphragm.. there changes of present in the <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size and mediastinal vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no left juxtahilar pneumothorax.. the lung lobe lower lobe patchy opacities xxxx residual atelectasis.. the resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with xxxx residual.
no bilateral juxtahilar pneumothorax.. the lung lobe lower lobe patchy opacities xxxx residual atelectasis.. the resolution of right-sided pleural effusion xxxx residual.. no heart silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size and.. the cardiomegaly of the aorta.. no pleural or effusion or suspicious focal opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size and.. the streaky of the thoracic.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute pulmonary disease.. no right apical nodule.. no workup xxxx chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy.. there increased as discussed below.. there heart are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there is no xxxx opacity xxxx nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs.. there are hyperexpanded.. there size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. there xxxx densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound.. there blunting of the costophrenic xxxx.
no acute pulmonary disease.. no right upper nodule.. the workup xxxx chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy.. there appearing as discussed below.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there is no calcified opacity xxxx nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs.. there are hyperexpanded.. there size is mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no acute chest x-xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the chest.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear and clear.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. no lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no degenerative excavatum deformity is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no degenerative excavatum deformity is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear bilaterally.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the pulmonary vasculature central airways.. no pleural consolidation <unk> or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal vasculature and central airways.. no pleural consolidation consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no structures are within normal limits for patient <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is on.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.
no size is normal normal limits.. the artery stent noted.. the focal or.. no pleural consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. no degenerative biapical pleural thickening.
no size within normal normal limits.. the artery stent noted.. there focal or.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no lungs consistent flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd.. no heart heart.. the pleural pulmonary abnormality.. there is no of hemidiaphragms.. there are atherosclerotic diffuse markings.. there is no pneumothorax consolidation to suggest pneumonia.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd.. no heart heart.. the pleural pulmonary abnormality.. there is no of hemidiaphragms.. there are atherosclerotic coarse markings.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate to suggest pneumonia.. there is degenerative changes of the aorta.. there lungs is of the first limits of normal size.
stable without acute disease.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart is stable.. the are no significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis.. there lungs is tortuous.. there lungs are free with <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. no lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there sternotomy in the right lower midlung.. there focal pleural thickening is noted.. there parenchymal of both lateral costophrenic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no thorax and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no structures and <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the of the 4xxxx xxxx xxxx similar to the prior study.. the position surgical clips in the left hilar area.. no calcified silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the none is continued concern for occult fracture consider dedicated rib series.. no silhouette is within within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural effusion.. no granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the there is continued concern for occult fracture consider dedicated rib series.. no silhouette is within within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the nodule in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear and clear.. no is no interim nodule in the left lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the nodule in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear and clear.
no is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no is slightly rotated.. there heart size.. there is no pleural edema.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation to.
no is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. stable is slightly rotated.. there heart size.. there are no pneumothorax edema.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation to.
no lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.. the silhouette is within and within normal limits.. no is no lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion.
no lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.. the silhouette is within and within normal limits.. there is no lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal bilateral calcified lymph xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no pleural airspace.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the appearance bilateral calcified lymph xxxx.. the lungs and is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the pleural airspace.
no versus scar left lung base.. the no.. the xxxx and the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient.. the none are any questions about this examination please xxxx.. there xxxx are radiologist at xxxx.. there size is normal limits.
no versus scar left lung base.. xxxx no.. there xxxx xxxx the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient.. there none are any questions about this examination please xxxx.. there xxxx certified radiologist at xxxx.. there size is normal limits.. there contours are.. there vascularity is normal.. there xxxx-a-xxxx is clear.
no air space disease may represent infiltrate.. the size is normal limits.. the airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination.
no air space disease may represent infiltrate.. the size is normal limits.. the and disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination.
no acute disease.. the knee.. the degenerative joint disease.. the are clear expanded.. no size.
no acute disease.. the knee.. the degenerative joint disease.. the are clear expanded.. no size.
no chest.. the size is.. the are clear.. no and <unk>.
no chest.. the size and.. the are clear without.. no are <unk>.
no medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer.. no right with intravenous contrast for further evaluation.. the xxxx and.. the xxxx was notified of this result at xxxxpm xxxxxxxx and accepted receipt.. there were faxed.. there medial right upper lobe mass lesion measuring approximately 8 cm x 0 cm in diameter.. there pleural or.
no medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer.. stable right with intravenous contrast for further evaluation.. the xxxx xxxx.. the xxxx was notified of this result at xxxxpm xxxxxxxx and accepted receipt.. no were faxed.. no medial right upper lobe mass lesion measuring approximately 8 cm x 0 cm in diameter.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are prominent focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and is normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. no are no changes of the thoracic spine <unk>.. the is no calcified granuloma right in the right suprahilar region.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. the are no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
stable emphysema and interstitial fibrosis.. stable scarring in the left apex although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion.. the in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring however the absence of comparison exam recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution.. stable are low bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema.. there are atherosclerotic opacities in the left lung apex that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung <unk> are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe xxxx scarring.
no emphysema and interstitial fibrosis.. stable scarring in the left apex although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion.. the in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring however the absence of comparison exam recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution.. there is no bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal stable.. there vasculature and normal in caliber.. no are no 0 stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax.
no is no streaky opacity in the posterior lungs possibly cyst scarring or pneumonia.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appear normal mediastinal contours are normal.. .
no is no streaky opacity in the posterior lungs possibly cyst scarring or pneumonia.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear normal mediastinal contours are normal.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal cardiopulmonary process.. the for focal.. no lungs is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute cardiopulmonary process.. the for focal.. no lungs is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no and soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the appearance silhouette.. there cardiomediastinal sternotomy in the left base xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. no calcified density in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the cardiomediastinal opacity in the left base xxxx scarring or atelectasis.. no calcified density in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute consolidation pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.. the size is pulmonary vascular within normal limits osseous structures appear <unk>.. .
no acute evidence of metastatic disease.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are clear.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute evidence of metastatic disease.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no lungs are clear.
no improvement in aeration of lung lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion.. stable small left basilar airspace disease is noted.. the cardiomediastinal chest tubes.. there air-fluid chest tubes noted.. there improvement aeration of the left lung compared to prior.. there resolution in left lung pleural fluid.
no with pulmonary lung volumes which are grossly clear.. the right-sided xxxx lung volumes.. the are clear without focal consolidation disease.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary lung volumes which are grossly clear.. the left-sided xxxx lung volumes.. the are clear focal airspace disease.. there focal effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no and soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no and soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx soft tissues are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms.. the heart size.. no retrosternal airspace.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms.. the heart size.. no retrosternal airspace.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.. no and within normal limits.
no upper left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly.. the acute pulmonary disease demonstrated.. the is no of the right lung xxxx consistent with right atrial enlargement.. there few density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette suggesting left atrial enlargement.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged enlarged.. there lungs contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance.. there pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. there pneumothorax or.
no upper left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly.. the acute pulmonary disease.. the is no of the right lung xxxx consistent with right atrial enlargement.. there few density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated of projection of the cardiac silhouette suggesting left atrial enlargement.. there lungs silhouette is within enlarged.. there lungs contours are <unk> within normal limits for appearance.. there pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs is is normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is normal.. the are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the 5 hilar lymph.. no pleural consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size.. the granuloma hilar lymph.
no right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma histoplasmoma.. the few calcified right hilar lymph xxxx.. the are well expanded and clear.. no mediastinal contour.
no granulomas basilar nodule compatible with granuloma histoplasmoma.. the few calcified right hilar lymph xxxx.. the are well expanded and clear.
no cardiomegaly cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the heart xxxx and interstitium.. the are airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the pleural cardiopulmonary disease.
no cardiomegaly cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the heart xxxx interstitium.. the are airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute effusion or airspace consolidation.. there silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute effusion or airspace consolidation.. there silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process.. no acute effusion or airspace consolidation.. there silhouette is within normal limits.. no xxxx <unk>.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.. the is scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and normal the silhouette is normal.. the is calcified calcified granulomas throughout both lung xxxx.. no are clear no.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the evidence effusion or airspace consolidation.. there silhouette is within normal limits.. there vasculature and normal in.
no quality exam shows no definite acute findings.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular crowding.. there focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no size is normal limits technique no mediastinal mediastinal widening of vascular injury.
no quality exam shows no definite acute findings.. the lung volumes are bronchovascular crowding.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.
no and probable left basilar scar.. the is a of the lungs.. there single area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx region.. the are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no and probable left basilar scar.. the are a of the lungs.. the calcified area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx region.. no are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no chest film size normal.. the are clear without.. the are normal.
stable cardiomegaly cardiac xxxx generator.. the increase of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low svc.. there definite of acute.. there low lung volumes.. there opacity perihilar perihilar pulmonary opacities xxxx atelectatic changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the xxxx of the right lateral 9th rib.. the none localize to this region suspect acute fracture.. no pleural consolidation pleural definite pleural effusion seen.. no kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen xxxx skin fold artifact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no xxxx of the right lateral 9th rib.. there none localize to this region suspect acute fracture.. no pleural consolidation definite pleural effusion seen.. there kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen xxxx skin fold artifact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal consolidation consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no cardiomegaly.. the lungs.. the focal.
no cardiomegaly.. the lungs.. no focal.
no for acute abnormality.. the lung volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift.. the hyperlucency of left lung xxxx compensatory hyperinflation.. no right hilar silhouette compatible with absence of right xxxx pulmonary artery as noted on prior ct.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the hilar volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift.. the hyperlucency of left lung xxxx compensatory hyperinflation.. no right hilar silhouette compatible with absence of right xxxx pulmonary artery as noted on prior ct.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly scarringsubsegmental atelectasis.. the focal pleural.. the lungs is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no cardiomegaly scarringsubsegmental atelectasis.. the acute pleural.. no lungs size normal in size.
no opacity in left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring.. the is a thoracolumbar scoliosis.. the is t-spine osteophytes.. there opacity in the left xxxx lobe xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring.. there is no pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no left in left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring.. no is a thoracolumbar scoliosis.. there is t-spine osteophytes.. there xxxx in the left lower lobe xxxx atelectasis atelectasis or scarring.. there is no pleural.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette is within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs tissues are within normal limits.. no heart silhouette hilar contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs tissues are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are no calcified granulomas.. the lungs are clear grossly clear.. no and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a calcified granulomas.. the lungs are free grossly clear bilaterally.. no silhouette mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. no xxxx is normal.. there pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no focal focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the focal focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images.. the size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contours is unremarkable.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
low lung volumes bibasilar basilar atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there is low lung volumes.. there is no basilar opacity.. there is no pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
low lung volumes bronchovascular basilar atelectasis.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there is low lung volumes.. there is no basilar opacity.. there are no pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion.
no emphysema left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. the heart pulmonary and within normal limits.. there tortuosity opacities are present in the left lung base.. no accessory azygos fissure is noted.
no cardiomegaly left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. the heart size is moderately normal limits.. there cardiomegaly opacities are present in the left lung base.. there accessory azygos fissure is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the xxxx anterior wedge deformity of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra.. the for focal tenderness and with prior imaging if possible.. no silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. no lungs.
no evidence cardiopulmonary disease.. the is midline.. the lungs contours is normal in.. no lungs are free evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.
no chest exam.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no chest film.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no with lingular focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. the opacity are present in both lung bases.. no few hernia is present.
no with lingular focal atelectasis.. the volumes are xxxx.. the opacity are present in both lung bases.. no few hernia is present.. there size pulmonary xxxx are <unk>.
no acute with bilateral small pleural effusions.. the x-xxxx xxxx be informative.. there focal of pneumonia nodules or <unk>.
cardiomegaly acute with bilateral small pleural effusions.. the x-xxxx xxxx be informative.. the focal of tuberculosis nodules or <unk>.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear evidence of focal airspace disease.. the is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally evidence of focal airspace disease.. no is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance.. the vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits.. no lungs are free inflated without no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance.. the vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal of the cardiomediastinal upper lobe.. the cardiomediastinal of the left upper lobe lobe with scarring volume loss and pleural thickening.. no silhouette is within normal limits appearance similar to prior.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal upper lobe.. the cardiomediastinal of the left upper lobe lobe with scarring volume loss and pleural thickening.. the silhouette is within normal limits appearance similar to prior.. no loss in the left lung base.. no lung is clear.. no is no pneumothorax focal airspace disease effusion or pneumothorax.. no degenerative at the right apex.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the basilar basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings compatible with emphysema.. the are clear with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter compatible with emphysema.. no is no pleural of pleural infiltrate pneumothorax pleural effusion or identified mass lesion.. no is no cardiomediastinal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality compatible with emphysema.. the are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter compatible with emphysema.. there is no pleural of pleural infiltrate pneumothorax pleural effusion or identified mass lesion.. no is no cardiomediastinal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no is no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no focal air of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the calcified granulomas.. there lungs.. there pleural airspace disease.. there pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the calcified granulomas.. there lungs.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation or large pleural effusion.. the for focal bone <unk>.. .
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. the for focal bone <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is.. the pleural consolidation consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings lungs are clear.. the heart is lungs xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the heart size pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no few scattered calcified granulomas.
no acute of active disease.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. the is no pleural air consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.. no are no few scattered calcified granulomas.. no is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no size is.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the is no pleural air consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no size is.. the contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no change.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes and low.
no change.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. no volumes remain low.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for.. the lungs are clear infiltrate of focal consolidation.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the silhouette is at top limits of normal.. there calcification mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there vascularity is normal normal limits.. there pleural consolidation or effusion or pneumothorax.. no visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the silhouette is at top limits of normal.. there calcification mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. there vasculature is normal normal limits.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus.. there of the lateral distal clavicle compatible with remote xxxx.
no upper lobe pneumonia.. the nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer.. the up to resolution recommended.. no lungs contours and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer.. the up to resolution recommended.. no lungs silhouette is pulmonary are within normal limits size and contour.. there are no upper lobe airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size and limits but stable.. the contour are normal <unk>.. no xxxx base lobe atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size and limits but stable.. the contour are normal <unk>.. no right basilar lobe atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is.. the aorta.. the hilar lymph xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease.. no lungs.. the lungs lungs are clear.. no lungs apices are partially excluded from the xxxx-of-view.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. stable size is.. the aorta.. there hilar lymph xxxx xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease.. no lungs.. no lungs lungs are clear.. no lungs apices are partially excluded from the xxxx-of-view.
xxxx elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.. stable post-op changes.. stable hilar densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid.. stable level below the right hemidiaphragm medially.. stable this could represent air-fluid within a xxxx of bowel a subpulmonic process is a consideration.. stable clinically indicated further scan would better define this.. stable lungs is is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs hemidiaphragm remains elevated.
stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.. stable post-op changes.. the hilar densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid.. there level below the right hemidiaphragm medially.. there this could represent air-fluid within a xxxx of bowel a subpulmonic process is a consideration.. stable clinically indicated further scan would better define this.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no size mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.
no lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. the are clear.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the xxxx and surgical clips are again seen.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged.. there is no calcified of marked centrilobular emphysema.. there opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the xxxx and surgical clips are again seen.. the heart silhouette are unchanged.. no is no calcified of marked centrilobular emphysema.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the xxxx and surgical clips are again seen.. no lungs silhouette are unchanged.. no are no calcified of marked centrilobular emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
stable ij effusion with adjacent atelectasis.. stable acute findings of pneumonia.. the limited by patient rotation.. there cardiomegaly deviation of the trachea.. there cardiomegaly.. stable of the thoracic aorta.. there right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.. there lung volumes.. there pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.
xxxx basilar effusion with adjacent atelectasis.. stable acute findings of pneumonia.. there limited by patient rotation.. there cardiomegaly deviation of the trachea.. no cardiomediastinal.. no of the thoracic aorta.. no right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no radiograph.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart silhouette hilar contours.. no lungs are free without evidence area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no radiograph.. the focal cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the mediastinal silhouette hilar contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
right evidence airspace consolidation.. left bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs.. there heart tube tip is 5 cm above the carina.. there are low diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs.. there is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. there xxxx effusion or.. no focal.
xxxx acute airspace consolidation.. the bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs.. the heart tube tip is 5 cm above the carina.. there are low diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. there pleural effusion or.. there pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no focal focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no focal focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no are clear except.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and infracarinal calcified lymph xxxx.. the xxxx represent previous granulomatous disease.. the volumes is clear.. the focal disease.. no pleural edema.
xxxx perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and infracarinal calcified lymph xxxx.. the xxxx represent previous granulomatous disease.. the volumes is clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal pulmonary opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is scattered epicardial fat pads unchanged from prior.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. there is t-spine epicardial fat pads unchanged from prior.. there lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. there is no focal areas of consolidation.. there is no of the aortic xxxx.
probable xxxx midlung and left basilar atelectasis.. stable heart pulmonary is moderately enlarged.. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there noted is xxxx and left midlung airspace opacity xxxx atelectasis.. there is no base opacity xxxx atelectasis as well.. there is no right midlung opacity.. there is degenerative degenerative changes of the <unk>.
no acute change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes.
no acute change the appearance of the xxxx opacities the bilateral lower lobes.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes.
no acute change the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.
no chest size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no basilar lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.. the heart silhouette is normal in and configuration.. the vascularity within normal limits.
no middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in and configuration.. there vasculature within normal limits.. there is no basilar lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. the enlarged heart.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. no prominent heart.
no heart.. stable xxxx chronic xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine.. the is t-spine osteophytes.. stable are costochondral cartilages.. no are no of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body.
no heart.. the xxxx chronic xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine.. there is t-spine osteophytes.. there are costochondral cartilages.. there is no of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the lungs chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc.. there is no pneumothorax.. there lungs are otherwise.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc.
xxxx right lower lobe opacities.. the heart xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. there xxxx postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery.. there is low bilateral lower lobe opacities.. there pleural effusion or.. there pleural or identified.. there size is mediastinal contour are within normal limits.. there are no beneath the diaphragm consistent with pneumoperitoneum.
no size is normal the lungs are clear.. the appearance spurring of the thoracic spine.. no overlie the right medial <unk>.
no size normal normal the lungs are clear.. the appearance spurring of the thoracic spine.. the overlie the right medial <unk>.
no size is normal.. the dilated tortuous aorta unchanged.. the are clear.. no pleural or pneumonia.
no size is normal.. the dilated tortuous aorta unchanged.. there are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary are seen.. the heart silhouette mediastinal and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.. the is no xxxx of the right hemidiaphragm.. no are clear.
heart acute cardiopulmonary are seen.. the heart silhouette mediastinal and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.. the is no xxxx of the right hemidiaphragm.. no are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. the are no focal areas of <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there is no focal areas of consolidation.. there clips are present.. there t-spine osteophytes.
no for acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the left hilar lymph xxxxgranulomas.. no pleural consolidation pleural or large pleural effusion.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no left hilar lymph xxxxgranulomas.. no pleural consolidation pleural or pleural pleural effusion.
bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left most xxxx representing acute infectious process.. right of the mediastinum xxxx secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid or possibly reactive adenopathy.. there dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction.. there size is the upper limits of normal.. there lung volumes bronchovascular crowding.. there bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left.. no focal pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly lower lung airspace disease right greater than left most xxxx representing acute infectious process.. right of the mediastinum xxxx secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid or possibly reactive adenopathy.. the dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction.. there size is the upper limits of normal.. no lung volumes bronchovascular crowding.. no bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left.. no focal pneumothorax.
no size is normal and the lungs are <unk>.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no size normal normal the lungs are <unk>.. the focal or <unk>.. .
no size normal.. the hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease.. the the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no is no focal air consolidation effusion or <unk>.
no size normal.. the lung calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease.. the the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.. there line is in xxxx.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax <unk>.
no right opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate.. the chest in 2 weeks may be helpful.. the lungs size normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no calcified opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate.
no right opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate.. the chest in 2 weeks may be helpful.. the lungs is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no radiograph.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the xxxx xxxx and grossly xxxx and intact.. no heart silhouette.
no radiograph.. the acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the opacity xxxx and grossly xxxx and intact.. no heart silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no pleural or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is pulmonary are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no pleural or pneumothorax.
no density of density measuring 9 x 8 cm in left lower lower lobe with interval increased size compared to prior imaging.. no followup for abdomen and pelvis with contrast for further evaluation.. the sternotomy and by the veriphy critical result notification xxxx of the pulmonary pulmonary mass and recommended followup chest chest abdomen and pelvis with contrast at xxxx xxxxxxxx.. there right of the hernia.. there right <unk> <unk> left hilar lower lobe there is a 9 x 8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend followup small chest abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is on for potential malignancy.
no acute airspace consolidation.. no acute effusion pleural effusion.. the are no cardiomegaly.. there xxxx and with atherosclerotic disease.
no hypoinflation.. the no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. the xxxx with bronchovascular crowding.. no pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural.
no hypoinflation.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is broken 1st and 3rd-5xxxx xxxx xxxx.. the heart silhouette.. no vasculature are within normal limits.. there rib xxxx.. there venous are xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is broken 1st and 3rd-5xxxx xxxx xxxx.. the heart silhouette.. the vasculature are within normal limits.. the rib xxxx.. there venous are xxxx.
no lungs with.. the are clear without.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no and mediastinum of <unk> with normal sized heart.
no lungs.. the are clear.. the focal effusions or pneumothoraces.. no and mediastinum <unk> <unk> with normal sized heart.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal of metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no focal effusion or <unk>.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal of metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation.. the lungs size xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no and no acute pulmonary findings.. the is been interval removal with intact midline sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs is normal top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta.. the lungs are otherwise clear no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or <unk>.
no and no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is been interval removal with intact midline sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs size normal top normal in size with normal of the aorta.. the lungs are free clear no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs structures appear grossly <unk>.. .
no cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node.. the may xxxx due to old histoplasmosis.. the and is within.
no cm calcified granuloma paratracheal lymph node.. the may xxxx due to old histoplasmosis.. the size is within.. no are no.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a evidence consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there right lower lobe scarring.. there heart size and mediastinal vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a pneumothorax consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. there right lower lobe scarring.. there heart size mediastinal vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no are no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. the calcifications of the aorta.. the are no a pleural based density in the right lung base xxxx related to subpleural fat.. there lungs xxxx stable from multiple previous studies.. there lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the heart is stable.. the calcifications of the aortic.
no without acute pneumonia.. the heart silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free but flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature.. no is no pneumothorax consolidation.
no without acute pneumonia.. the heart silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free but flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature.. no are no pneumothorax consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is is on the upper limits of normal.. the is no pneumothorax widening.. no lungs are free without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is on the upper limits of normal.. the is no focal widening.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart and is on the upper limits of normal.. the is no focal widening.. no lungs are clear.
stable and pulmonary vascular congestion.. the cardiomediastinal.. the <unk> atherosclerotic calcifications noted.. the is no calcified of the pulmonary vasculature.
no without pulmonary vascular congestion.. the cardiomediastinal.. the <unk> atherosclerotic calcifications are noted.. no are no prominence of the pulmonary vasculature.. no pleural airspace disease is seen.
no appearance enlargement of the xxxx and descending aorta.. no cta could be obtained as a xxxx.. the heart size.. there pleural pulmonary disease process.. there and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size.. there ectatic aorta.. there lungs xxxx is near 5 cm in diameter.. there is no calcified left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm.. there is no pleural.
stable aneurysmal enlargement of the xxxx and descending aorta.. stable cta could be obtained as a xxxx.. stable heart size.. there pleural pulmonary disease process.. there and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size.. there ectatic aorta.. there lungs xxxx is near 5 cm in diameter.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no are clear and clear.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the cardiomediastinal of the right.. the lungs and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the are clear and clear.
no evidence cardiopulmonary.. no post xxxx sternotomy and cabg.. there size is normal.. there vascular stent.. there heart are free.. there are atherosclerotic focal areas space consolidations.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there lungs and mediastinal contours are stable.. there mediastinal lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the post xxxx sternotomy and cabg.. the size is normal.. the vascular stent.. there lungs are free.. there are degenerative focal areas space consolidations.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. stable post xxxx sternotomy and cabg.. the size is normal.. the vascular stent.. the lungs are free.. there are degenerative focal air space consolidations.. the pneumothorax effusion or pneumothoraces.. there lungs and mediastinal contours are stable.
no acute pulmonary abnormality lungs appear clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. there spaces are clear.. there contours are normal.
no acute pulmonary disease lungs appear clear.. the heart pulmonary pulmonary xxxx are normal.. there spaces are clear.. there contours are normal.
stable sized with associated bibasilar atelectasis.. the heart is normal in size.. the mediastinum is stable normal limits.. there right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax.
no sized with associated bibasilar atelectasis.. the heart is normal in size.. there lungs is stable normal limits.. there right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax.. no lungs are clear hypoinflated with bibasilar xxxx opacities xxxx adjacent atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. the are clear without.. no pleural consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk> identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. no are clear.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural air consolidation.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the cardiomediastinal are clear.. the is no pleural air consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there size is mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no lordotic frontal view.. the size and top normal limits aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no lordotic frontal view.. the size is top normal limits aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity.. the focal consolidation consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no pleural findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no size is.. the lung clear.. the but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and <unk>.
no size is.. the hilar clear.. no but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and <unk>.
no atelectasis in the left lower lobe.. the size is normal.. the lung is clear.. no disease in the bilateral.. there atelectasis in the left lower lung.
no atelectasis in the left lower lobe.. the size is normal.. the chest is clear.. no disease in the bilateral.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no segment right lower lobe pneumonia.. the acute.. the size is normal.. no are <unk>.
no segment right lower lobe pneumonia.. the focal.. the and is within.
no segment right lower lobe pneumonia.. the focal.. the size is within.. no are appear.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.
no evidence of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no lung as described no acute findings stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation.. the appearance silhouette with tortuous heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity stable mediastinal contours.. there focal pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no changes as described no acute findings stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity stable mediastinal contours.. there focal pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.. there spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
right xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no size is lungs are <unk>.
no size is and lungs are <unk>.. the healed left lateral rib <unk>.. .
no size is lungs are clear.. the healed left lateral rib <unk>.. .
no acute of active disease pneumonia on today's exam.. the lungs contours are normal.. there lungs are free.
no acute of active disease pneumonia on today's exam.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within limits.. the focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within limits.. the focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no chest.. the lungs.. the heart size.. no pleural or.
no basilar infiltrate or atelectasis and xxxx bilateral pleural effusions.. the are a blunting of the costophrenic xxxx.. the is no basilar opacity disease.. no is no pneumothorax or.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no silhouette and contour is grossly normal for ap technique.. no is no calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe.. no lungs are clear hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary stable.. the silhouette and contour is grossly normal for ap technique.. the is no xxxx granuloma in the right lower lobe.. no lungs are clear hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no to moderate right apical pneumothorax.. no images.. the size is limits of normal.. the contours are normal.. there lungs is mildly rotated.. no is no calcified to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 0 cm.. no focal consolidation consolidation seen.
no to moderate right apical pneumothorax.. the images.. the size is limits of normal.. the contours are normal.. the lungs is mildly rotated.. the are no calcified to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 0 cm.. there pneumothorax consolidation consolidation seen.. there xxxx-a-xxxx is clear.
no bilateral pleural effusion.. the contours noted but better evaluated on the xxxx xxxx.. the size is normal within normal limits.. the are no clips in the left mediastinum.. there are no pneumothorax.
no right pleural effusion.. the contours noted but better evaluated on the xxxx xxxx ct.. the size is normal within normal limits.. there are no clips in the left mediastinum.. there are no pneumothorax.. there are no calcified to pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is normal.. the focal pleural.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal.
no acute evidence for thoracic metastases.. the size is pulmonary normal.. the are.. no pleural or <unk>.
no acute evidence for thoracic metastases.. the size is pulmonary normal.. there are.. there pleural or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without.. the size is.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear.. no and is.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. there lungs are free but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. no lungs are free but clear.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the heart size pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the heart spaces are clear.
cardiomegaly acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities lungs are clear.. the heart size lungs xxxx are normal.. there cardiomediastinal spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits.. the aorta.. the lung volumes bronchovascular focal consolidations.. no pleural pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal limits.. the aorta.. the lung volumes no focal consolidations.. there pleural pleural.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are unchanged normal limits.. no vasculature is within normal limits.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs contours are within normal limits.. no vascularity is within normal limits.
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. .
no acute evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the are clear with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary or soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural bony <unk> soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. the silhouette is within normal limits.. no pleural bony <unk> soft tissue <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size mediastinal contours are unremarkable.. the lungs xxxx is normal in appearance.. no lungs volumes is clear without focal infiltrate.. no is no xxxx effusions and there is no pneumothorax.. no xxxx bony structures show grossly <unk>.. no pleural rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size mediastinum contours are unremarkable.. the lungs xxxx is within in appearance.. no lungs volumes is clear without focal infiltrate.. no is no nodules effusions and there is no pneumothorax.
no without.. the are.. the focal or <unk>.
no without.. the are.. the focal or <unk>.
no enlarged and mild chronic changes.. no evidence pulmonary.. the heart is borderline enlarged.. the heart is tortuous ectatic.. no parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring andor subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base.. no pneumothorax airspace pneumothorax significant pleural effusion identified.
no cardiomegaly mild chronic changes.. the acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal enlarged.. there lungs is atherosclerotic ectatic.. no degenerative changes are noted with mild scarring andor subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base.
low lung volumes bibasilar bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis.. the is been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter.. there tube is again noted coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in from prior.. there lung volumes causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there is a pneumothorax.. there lungs bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no lung volumes right bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis.. the is been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter.. the tube is again noted coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach.. there lungs contours and normal in from prior.. there lung volumes streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is pulmonary contours appear within normal limits.. there vascularity is unremarkable normal limits.. no focal infiltrates suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no without increased vascular prominence.. the acute of active disease.. the is present.. the lungs lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension.. there lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no and pulmonary vascular prominence.. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary.. the is present.. there lungs lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. no is no of the right hemidiaphragm.
no acute disease.. the spine negative.. the lungs are clear and expanded no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations.. no size mediastinum <unk> normal.
no acute disease.. the spine negative.. the lungs are clear and expanded no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations.. the and mediastinum <unk> normal.
no cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis.. the acute pulmonary.. there heart is normal normal in size.. there heart is unremarkable.. there lungs is tortuous.. there are degenerative degenerative changes without focal consolidation.
no cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis.. the evidence pulmonary.. the heart is normal normal in size.. there heart is unremarkable.. there lungs is calcified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained.. the lungs size is normal in size and contour.. the are no hilar perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection.. no pleural bony infiltrates.
no congestion and diffuse interstitial edema stable cardiomegaly low lung volumes.
no congestion and diffuse interstitial edema stable cardiomegaly low lung volumes.. .
.. .. .. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lung xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient.. the there is any questions about this examination please xxxx.. there xxxx certified certified radiologist at xxxx.. there is low lung volumes.. there is no crowding.. there size pulmonary contours within normal limits.. there pneumothorax consolidation effusion.
no evidence pulmonary.. the lung xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient.. there there is any questions about this examination please xxxx.. there xxxx certified certified radiologist at xxxx.. there are no lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. the and replacement.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette are normal.. the silhouette replacement.
no view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of xxxx acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion.. the line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium.. the size not enlarged.. there and xxxx bronchi appear normal.. there are clear hypoinflated expanded.. no pleural.. there is degenerative areas of patchy density in the left lower lung xxxx.
no view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of xxxx acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion.. the line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium.. the size not enlarged.. the and xxxx bronchi appear normal.
no lung with bronchovascular crowding.. the acute pulmonary seen.. the is low lung with bronchovascular crowding.. there focal consolidation effusion.
no lung with bronchovascular crowding.. the evidence cardiopulmonary.. the is low lung with bronchovascular crowding.. no pleural consolidation effusion.
no acute pulmonary findings.. the images.. there nodule calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base.. no lungs lungs are clear.. no size and normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the images.. the nodule calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base.. no the lungs are clear.
no right picc line tip.. the located in left innominate vein.. there xxxx focal opacities.. there may represent xxxx areas of pneumonia.. there size is pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lung line is in xxxx.. the lungs has moved into the left innominate vein.
no right picc line tip.. the located in left innominate vein.. the xxxx focal opacities.. there may represent xxxx areas of pneumonia.. there size is pulmonary vascularity within within normal limits.. there xxxx-a-xxxx line is in xxxx.
no acute pulmonary findings suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. the evidence of pulmonary recurrence.. the lungs are clear.. there lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. no acute of active recurrence.. the lungs are clear.. no lungs and mediastinum xxxx are normal.. no lungs spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size normal in size contour.. the is no pneumothorax widening.
no acute or atelectasis.. the hilar tip upper svc.. there lungs examination to be a normal orientation on the lateral film.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in unchanged compared to prior examination.. the densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is midline.. the lungs silhouette is normal in unchanged compared to prior examination.. the densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents.. there are no round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and xxxx represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease.
no lungs.. no with unfolded aorta.. the is no pleural edema.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation.
no lungs.. the with unfolded aorta.. there is no pleural edema.. no are no pleural air.
no hypoinflation with.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. there lungs silhouette is mildly the upper limits of normal for size.. no are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding as.
no hypoinflation with.. the no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged the upper limits of normal for size.. the are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding as.. there pleural airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. there pleural.
no there are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen.. the can are consistent with small bowel obstruction.. the no basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. no over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which measure up to about 7 cm in diameter.. there are no an extremely dilated xxxx in the same region which measures 9 cm in diameter.
no there are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen.. the findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction.. there left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis.. there over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which measure up to about 7 cm diameter.. there are no an extremely dilated xxxx in the same region which measures 9 cm in diameter.. there is no soft tissue pannus.. there granulomatous surgery.
no nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm.. no workup could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest abdomen and pelvis.. there xxxx and discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx.. no noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe.. no lungs measures 5 mm in diameter.. no nodule is present near the right hilum.
no nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm.. no evaluation could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest abdomen pelvis.. there xxxx and discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx.. there noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe.. there lungs measures 5 mm in diameter.. there nodule is present near the right hilum.. there may approximately 2 cm in diameter.. there lungs are mediastinum appear normal.
no films.. no acute or dislocations.. the size is.. the are clear.. no pleural pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the contours are normal.. the are clear without.. no is no focal or large pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size lungs silhouette are stable in size and contour.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs structures are <unk>.
no lungs.. the evidence cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. there are no granulomas.. there size is normal.
no lungs.. the acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are free.. there is no granulomas.. there size is within.. there pleural or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are free focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are free focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart contours mediastinum mediastinum vascularity are normal.. the lungs are clear.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette mediastinal pulmonary vascularity are normal.. there lungs are clear.. no is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax effusion or.
no and probable opacities more pronounced in the lower lung xxxx.. the is a mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.. the is no of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung xxxx bilaterally.. there opacity xxxx to be similar to xxxx scan.. no lungs is not.
no and probable opacities more pronounced in the lower lung xxxx.. the is a mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.. there is no of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung xxxx bilaterally.. there is xxxx to be similar to xxxx scan.
no exam but no acute pulmonary disease identified.. the may is limited secondary to patient body habitus.. the lungs are clear.. no is no focal effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no exam but no acute pulmonary disease identified.. the may is limited secondary to patient body habitus.. the lungs are clear.. there are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.
no lower mixed disease.. the ct up chest x-xxxx to document resolution xxxx for better characterization.. the is no of the left hemidiaphragm suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease.. no is not identified in the lateral view which is limited by rotation.
no lower airspace disease.. the follow up chest x-xxxx to document resolution xxxx for better characterization.. the is no of the left hemidiaphragm suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease.. no may not identified in the lateral view which is limited by rotation.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with pulmonary pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infection inflammation aspiration stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal contours.. no interstitial markings in the lower lungs and bases right greater than left.. there xxxx in the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. no pleural pleural effusion seen.
stable and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with pulmonary pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infection inflammation aspiration stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal contours.. the interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases right greater than left.. there xxxx in the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there xxxx pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no appearance of the chest.. no acute cardiopulmonary.. no cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. no is no xxxx granuloma in the right lower lobe.. no lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.
no cardiomegaly of the chest.. the acute pulmonary.. the lungs is normal in size contour.. there is no xxxx granuloma in the right lower lobe.. there lungs are clear focal of infiltrate.
no and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality.. the is no and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax.. the is no loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change.
no and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality.. the are scattered and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax.. no is no loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change.. no are towards the left.
stable right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes.. stable clear lungs lung base.. the heart lung is grossly clear.. the heart lung base a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe.
no size is.. the width and vascularity are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no are no pneumothorax effusion or <unk>.
no size is.. the silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no is no pneumothorax effusion or <unk>.
no size is normal limits.. the hemidiaphragm elevation with xxxx xxxx density near the right costophrenic xxxx most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis.. the no focal alveolar consolidation.
no size within normal limits.. the hemidiaphragm elevation with xxxx xxxx density near the right costophrenic xxxx most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis.. the no focal alveolar consolidation.. no pleural pleural effusion seen typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.. no clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam possibly posttraumatic or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.. no clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam possibly posttraumatic or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal effusion or or focal airspace opacities.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal effusion or or focal airspace opacities.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no lungs.. no of the proximal right shoulder.. the size is normal.. there lungs are free.. there are no focal areas space consolidations.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. there calcifications calcifications.. there pulmonary vascularity.. there of the right shoulder.
no lungs.. the of old granulomatous disease.. no are clear focal consolidation disease.
no lungs.. the of old granulomatous disease.. the are clear without focal consolidation disease.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the pulmonary vasculature.. no pleural airspace diseaseinfiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette.. the pulmonary vasculature.. no pleural airspace diseaseinfiltrate.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies.. the granuloma noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study.. the lungs and is mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no are no pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs are clear hyperexpanded.. no is no pleural air consolidation suggest pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart are clear hyperexpanded.. there is no pleural air consolidation suggest pneumonia.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs are clear hyperexpanded.. the is no pleural air consolidation suggest pneumonia.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is.
no consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis.. the is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change.. the venous catheter tip in the right atrium.. the size is pulmonary are normal.. the and xxxx bronchi appear normal.. the lungs are clear well expanded.
no consistent with mild changes from cystic fibrosis.. the is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change.. the venous catheter tip in the right atrium.. the size is pulmonary are normal.. no and xxxx bronchi appear normal.. there lungs are clear well expanded.. there is and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left.
no appearance of the chest acute abnormality noted.. the scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect.. the are clear clear.. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no appearance of the chest acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect.. the are clear clear.
no chest of the chest acute abnormality noted.. the cardiomediastinal near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect.. no are clear clear.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
low asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus infiltrate.. no is a asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.. the with the prior study there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base.. there prominence appears stable.. there are no pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.. there size is within and grossly normal.. there are focal bony <unk>.
no asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus infiltrate.. the is a asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.. the with prior prior study there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base.. the prominence appears stable.. no are no pneumothorax pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly.. the left lymph xxxx.. the pleural or <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. the left lymph xxxx.. the focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart and normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no size is lungs are <unk>.
no size is lungs are <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary normal limits of normal in size.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pneumothorax air space infiltrate pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette mediastinum mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no focal air space infiltrate pleural effusion or <unk>.
no lungs with heart suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. the are clear without.. the pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.. the are clear.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no atelectasis.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there are no basilar xxxx opacity compatible with atelectasis.. there is degenerative low lung volumes.
no atelectasis.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no basilar xxxx opacity compatible with atelectasis.. there is degenerative low lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the are clear without areas of focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits.. the are clear without focal of focal consolidation.. no pleural or pleural pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits.. the are clear areas of focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary the chest.. no hilar prominence corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx.. the xxxx of the neck for further evaluation.. there size is normal limits.. there right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy previously partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary the chest.. the hilar prominence corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx.. the xxxx of the neck for further evaluation.. there size within normal limits.
no size is normal and lungs are clear.. .. .
no size is normal and lungs are clear.
no left upper lobe nodule.. the heart diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass.. the may be of further xxxx.. no addition interval a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe.
no left lower lobe nodule.. the heart diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass.. there may be of further xxxx.. no addition interval a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cm nodular opacity within the right hilum there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma.. there xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit.. no pleural consolidation suspicious or pleural <unk> identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cm nodular opacity within the right hilum there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma.. the xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit.. the focal infiltrates suspicious or pleural effusion identified.. no adenopathy is a 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy.. no calcified granulomas also seen.. no size is as limit normal.. the xxxx bony <unk>.
no for cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the mediastinal size.
cardiomegaly for cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.
no acute of active disease.. the size is normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.. the is no of the lungs.
no acute of active disease.. the size is normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax.. no is no the lungs.
stable tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium.. stable evidence pneumothorax.. there right basilar lung lucency.. there chest may be helpful to further characterize.. there are no calcified right internal jugular central venous catheter the distal tip projects over the right atrium.. there is no pneumothorax pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate opacity or pleural effusion.. there is no right upper lung lucency.
stable tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium.. stable evidence pneumothorax.. the appearance basilar lobe lucency.. there chest may be helpful to further characterize.. there is no xxxx right internal jugular central venous catheter the distal tip projects over the right atrium.. there are no pneumothorax pneumothorax.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation opacity or pleural effusion.. there are no right upper lung lucency.. there lungs mediastinal silhouettes are stable.. there lungs bony structures appear within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the acute pleural.. there size and normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal.. the size and normal.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no hiatal hernia.. no basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis.. the right pleural effusion.. there pleural edema overt chf identified.. there senescent mediastinal <unk>.
no hiatal hernia.. no basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis.. there right pleural effusion.. there pleural edema overt chf identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and mediastinal vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is mediastinal vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. the contour within unremarkable.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings seen.. the of report.. the are and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx.. no lungs volumes are low normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities seen.. the of report.. the are and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx.. the lungs volumes are low normal.
no right aeration.. the small bilateral pleural effusions xxxx on the right small on the right with associated associated left basilar atelectasis.. there are clear.. there mediastinal contour.. there of emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size lungs are unremarkable.. the lungs are clear infiltrate.. no is no focal or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the images.. the size is pulmonary vascularity engorgement appear within limits of normal.. no contours is unremarkable.
no opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.. the clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution.. the if clinical findings are not compatible with xxxx may be of xxxx.. no xxxx opacity in the medial right lung base xxxx seen on the frontal view.
no opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.. the ct correlation for infection and followup to resolution.. the if clinical findings are not compatible with xxxx may be of xxxx.. the xxxx opacity in the medial right lung base xxxx seen on the frontal view.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease.. no acute pulmonary consolidation or effusions.. there contour within normal limits patient's age.. no pleural pulmonary lung nodules are <unk>.
no prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease.. the evidence pulmonary consolidation or effusions.. there contour within normal limits patient's age.. there pleural pulmonary lung nodules are <unk>.
no upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous xxxx scan.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there lung lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex.. no a previous outside xxxx scan (xxxx) the right upper lobe was consolidated.. no to the xxxx xxxx from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased.
no upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous xxxx scan.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.. there lung lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex.. no a previous outside xxxx scan (xxxx) the right upper lobe was consolidated.. no to the xxxx xxxx from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs and not significantly enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. no is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.. no changes of the skeletal structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are stable xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung.. the lungs are clear grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung.. the lungs are clear grossly clear.. the lungs and and within the upper limits of normal.. no contours is normal.. no is no pneumothorax effusion effusion.
no thoracic aorta.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the contours are normal normal limits.. the and is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the contours are within normal limits.. the size is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the thoracic xxxx deformities xxxx due to osteoporosis.. there are to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left.. there size not enlarged.. no are low changes of the aorta.. there is no kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple xxxx deformities.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of any focal infiltrates.. no are no nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart pulmonary and normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the focal findings of pulmonary edema.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits.. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.
no clear.. the size normal.. the syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine xxxx <unk>.
no clear.. the size is.. the syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine xxxx <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.. no pleural bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart silhouette.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.. no xxxx and mediastinal contours are unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size is normal.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size and.. the lungs.
no chest film.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no chest exam.. the heart are clear.. the lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring both stable.. stable degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta.. the heart is is moderately.. the heart is atherosclerotic and atherosclerotic but stable.. the right xxxx and again noted.. no lungs in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam.. no is degenerative degenerative prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease.
no of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring both stable.. the degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta.. the heart is is moderately.. the heart is atherosclerotic and atherosclerotic but stable.. the sternotomy xxxx are again noted.
no of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the is a right-to-left and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified.. the sternotomy in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. the silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta.. the degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted without acute bony <unk>.. .
no of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the are hyperexpansion hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified.. the are in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis.. no silhouette is within stable and within normal limits with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta.
no opacity.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.. no pleural airspace.
no change.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. no granuloma xxxx are <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the is scattered calcified granulomas.. the focal consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is.
no evidence of active disease.. the is scattered calcified granulomas.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. no for acute <unk>.
no heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal alveolar or large pleural effusion.. the for focal <unk>.. .
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. the pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no size is normal and the lungs are <unk>.. .
no examination.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.. no pleural bony abnormality.
no examination.. the size mediastinum within normal limits.. the for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size and mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace space opacities.. no pleural effusions or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the focal consolidation space opacities.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs.. the focal.. no pleural effusion or.. no pulmonary.. there degenerative changes of the thoracic spine acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs.. the pleural.. there pleural effusion or.. there pulmonary size.
no scarring within the lingula otherwise unremarkable.. the scarring within the lingula.. the are clear clear.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no scarring within the lingula otherwise unremarkable.. the scarring within the lingula.. the are clear clear.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal vascularity appear normal limits.. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal vascularity within normal limits.. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no as thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification.. the xxxx xxxx and mediastinal mediastinal clips appear stable in position.. there are no atherosclerotic vascular.. there heart aorta is tortuous and.. there senescent of the upper mediastinum.. there mediastinal.. there right annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view.. there pneumothorax or effusion or focal consolidation.
no granulomatous disease.. the for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the lung calcified lymph xxxx.. no lung base calcified granuloma.
no granulomatous disease.. the for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the lung calcified lymph xxxx.
no without acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary contour are normal.. the vasculature is normal.. there are clear hyperexpanded but clear.. there pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. the are low coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities seen only on the frontal xxxx xxxx atelectasis.. there for pneumothorax airspace disease or consolidation.. there for pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is stable normal limits in size and appearance.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. there are low coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities seen only on the frontal xxxx xxxx atelectasis.. there for pneumothorax airspace disease or consolidation.. there for pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance.. the heart aorta is tortuous.. there pleural airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. there pleural.. no pleural pleural effusion.. no degenerative changes of osteopenia of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette is normal normal limits for appearance.. the heart aorta is tortuous.. the pleural airspace of pulmonary consolidation.. no pleural.. there pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the xxxx granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette are within normal limits.. the are clear focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no right granuloma.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is within in size and contour.. no pleural airspace pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette and normal in size and contour.. there pleural consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no for acute displaced rib <unk>.
no left silhouette.. the acute.. the focal consolidation suspicious.. the pleural pleural effusion.. there pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices.. there degenerative degenerative changes.
no appearance silhouette.. the acute.. the focal consolidation suspicious.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no cardiomegaly silhouette.. no acute.. the focal consolidation.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices.. there degenerative degenerative changes.
no lungs.. no evidence pulmonary findings.. there size is normal limits of normal.. there contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. there is no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity.. there pleural or pleural effusion.. there is a calcified along the peripheral right lung base xxxx secondary to a skin fold.. there pneumothorax bony <unk>.
no lungs.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and normal limits of normal.. no contours are pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are free evidence of infiltrate.. no is no focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no pneumothorax or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no focal focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the focal focal airspace consolidation or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a single granuloma in the left upper lung zone.. the lungs are free clear.. there are no.. there lungs is pulmonary are normal.. there lungs structures are soft tissues are <unk> for <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone.. the lungs are free grossly.. no are no.
stable xxxx posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis.. no acute pneumonia.. stable heart size.. there aorta aorta.. stable granulomas.. there pneumothorax consolidation.. there xxxx post your recess effusions.
no xxxx posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis.. the acute pneumonia.. the heart size.. the aorta aorta.. there granulomas.. the pleural consolidation.. no xxxx post your recess effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no are no focal bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are free focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.. no is no pneumothorax.. no is no pneumothorax bony abnormality seen.
no is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural.. no is no focal of a large pleural effusion.
no size is.. the lung clear.. the basilar atelectasis on the left.
no size is.. the lung clear.. the basilar atelectasis on the left.
no size normal.. the lung clear.. the basilar atelectasis on the left.
no acute disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.
no evidence disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. the size mediastinum <unk>.. no clips are in the epigastrium of the <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the aorta.. no lungs are clear without.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. no heart size mediastinal contours.. there are free.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there changes seen in the left humerus.. there pleural osseous <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. the are free.. there is no focal or pleural effusion.. there changes seen in the left humerus.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis.. the size and.. the are clear.. no xxxx <unk>.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis.. the size is.. the are clear.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette is within in size and contour.. the focal airspace suspicious or large pleural effusion.. no <unk>.
no without superimposed infiltrates.. the heart size is moderately.. the aorta.. the the mediastinal contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.. there is degenerative xxxx or masses.
no without lung infiltrates.. the heart is is on.. the aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal enlarged.. the are clear.. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal enlarged.. no are clear.
no evidence of active disease disease.. the focal pulmonary nodules or masses.. the size is pulmonary contour are within normal limits.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural pulmonary mass or masses.. there pleural of pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease disease.. the acute pulmonary nodules or masses.. the size and pulmonary contour are within normal limits.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there pleural pulmonary mass or masses.. there pleural of pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. no lungs are clear inflated and clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary are within normal limits for size and contour.. the lungs are clear inflated and clear.
no atelectasis.. the acute lobar consolidation or pleural effusion.. the heart silhouette are normal.. there xxxx atelectasis.. there lungs are free.. there spondylosis.
stable atelectasis.. the acute lobar consolidation or pleural effusion.. the heart silhouette are normal.. there xxxx atelectasis.. there lungs are free.. there <unk>.
no chest.. the size normal in size.. the focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no pleural cardiopulmonary destructive bone <unk>.
no chest.. the size normal in size.. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation.. the silhouette accentuated by technical factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged.. there bronchovascular crowding indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding mild pulmonary edema interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude.. no pleural pleural effusion seen.
no quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation.. no silhouette accentuated by technical factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged.. there bronchovascular crowding indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding mild pulmonary edema interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude.. there xxxx pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. stable is a left chest wall cardiac xxxx generator with 2 leads one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right xxxx.. the lungs is normal top normal in size with unfolding appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. no lungs are free focal area space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no bilateral interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with mild interstitial edema.. stable lung volumes are noted.. the for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema.
no bilateral interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with mild interstitial edema.. the lung volumes are noted.. there for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal.. no lungs is unremarkable.. there is no bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema.. no is no pneumothorax large effusion.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no cardiomegaly otherwise.. the acute pulmonary.. the lungs contours is mildly enlarged.. there vasculature is normal in caliber.. there shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases.. the lungs are clear clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the are degenerative acute bony <unk>.
no cardiomegaly.. no acute pulmonary.. the heart silhouette is mildly enlarged.. there vasculature is normal in caliber.. no shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases.. there lungs are free clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base.. the low lung lines.. the is no or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base.. there the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia.. no xxxx.
no basilar lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base.. the low lung lines.. the is no or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base.. there the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia.. no pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear without focal airspace space opacity.. the lungs silhouette is normal the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam.. no are no of the thoracic aorta stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear without focal air space opacity.. the lungs silhouette is within the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart size normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no is no focal effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease.. no is no irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which xxxx represents an old <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the bilateral emphysematous changes.. the lungs size and pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are free.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the changes emphysematous changes.. the lungs is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. no lungs are free without.
no lung volumes streaky left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. the lungs silhouette are unchanged.. there is diminished lung volumes central bronchovascular crowding.. there degenerative versus scarring seen in the left lung base.. there lung is clear.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no lung volumes subsequent left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.. the heart examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.. there lungs silhouette are unchanged.. there is no lung volumes central bronchovascular crowding.. there degenerative versus scarring seen in the left lung base.. there xxxx-a-xxxx is clear.. there pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
no granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease.. the is a calcified granuloma in the left left base.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart is not significantly enlarged.. there are no left hilar lymph xxxx.. there are degenerative changes of the aorta.
no granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease.. the is a single granuloma in the left left base.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart is not significantly enlarged.. there are no hilar hilar lymph xxxx.. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no size is normal and.. the are clear without.. the focal of tuberculosis.
no size is normal.. the are clear bilaterally.. no focal of tuberculosis.
no evidence of active disease.. the left upper lobe opacities.. the lungs xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there is no left upper lobe opacities.. there are appear clear.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there size is as is within normal <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the xxxx upper lobe opacities.. the lungs xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. no is no left upper lobe opacities.
no acute of active disease.. the xxxx upper lobe opacities.. the lungs xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.. there is no left upper lobe opacities.. no are appear clear.. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no lower lobe pneumonia.. the size is normal.. the is no airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe.. no is no pneumothorax or large.
stable upper lobe pneumonia.. the size is enlarged.. the is no airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe.. no is no pneumothorax or large.
no acute disease <unk>.. the lungs are clear and expanded heart and mediastinum are normal.. no note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk>.
no acute disease disease.. the lungs are clear and expanded heart and mediastinum are normal.. the note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is t-spine osteophytes.. the nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified.. there is represents a calcified granuloma.. there lungs silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. there are no pneumothorax pleural effusion.. there are degenerative focal areas of <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is scattered osteophytes.. there nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified.. there is represents a calcified granuloma.
no lung volumes clear acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal size and mediastinal contours.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no xxxx mediastinal left the right upper lobe.
no is no focal areas of consolidation.. the focal effusions.. the pleural.. no size is normal limits.
no are no focal areas of consolidation.. the acute effusion.. the pleural.. the size is normal limits.. there granuloma.. the changes thoracic <unk>.
no right airspace disease with pulmonary xxxx xxxx a combination of atelectasis and consolidation.. the heart enlargement.. there tube tip 4 cm above the <unk>.
no left airspace disease with pulmonary xxxx xxxx a combination of atelectasis and consolidation.. the heart enlargement.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. the xxxx and emphysematous changes noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.. no xxxx and emphysematous changes noted.
xxxx lung volumes.. the in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out.. the heart is midline.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in.. there is low lung volumes bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there is no calcified opacity in the left lingula.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no lung volumes.. the in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out.. the lungs is midline.. there heart silhouette is normal in.. there is no lung volumes bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.. there is no calcified opacity in the left lingula.. no is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal disease effusion or noncalcified nodule.. the heart size and mediastinal.. no axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the acute disease effusion or noncalcified nodule.. there heart size mediastinal.
no postop changes right upper chest wall.. no collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet xxxx within the pleural space.. there xxxx right pleural thickening versus xxxx effusion.. there pleural pulmonary disease.
xxxx postop changes right upper chest wall.. no collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet xxxx within the pleural space.. there xxxx right pleural thickening versus xxxx effusion.. there pleural pulmonary disease.
no lung volumes clear.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
low lung volumes clear.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. there lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there pulmonary.
no size.. the are.. the left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma.
no size.. the are.. the right lower lobe 5 mm granuloma.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary process.. the heart contours pulmonary vascularity are normal.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there degenerative changes are present in the xxxx <unk>.
no acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart size is normal.. the lungs contour is within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal focal infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the heart is is moderately.. the heart contour is within normal limits.. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates.. there are degenerative xxxx or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the appearance of the cardiac apex xxxx from ventricular hypertrophy.. the sternotomy xxxx again noted.. the pleural or pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions.. no pleural airspace consolidation.. there in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal of the cardiac apex xxxx from ventricular hypertrophy.. the sternotomy xxxx again noted.. the pleural or pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions.
no chest.. the size is.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.
no chest.. the size is.. the focal effusions or pneumothorax.. no are clear.
no spine.. the focal.. the pleural.. the spaces are normal.. no pleural disease.. no in the right region.. no spine.
no spine.. the evidence.. the pleural.. the spaces are normal.. no pleural disease.. there in the right region.
no size is normal.. the upper lobe atelectasis infiltrate in the left perihilar region unchanged.. the venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc.
stable size is normal.. the upper lobe atelectasis infiltrate in the left perihilar region unchanged.. there venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc.. there medial left upper lobe pleural air <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the upper extremity pic catheter tip xxxx within left subclavian vein.. there communicated xxxx primordial.. there lungs is not in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle xxxx within the subclavian vein.. there is no pneumothorax.. there lungs are clear hyperinflated but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. no upper extremity pic catheter tip xxxx within left subclavian vein.. the communicated xxxx primordial.. there lungs is not in size.. there lungs is unremarkable.. there upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle xxxx within the subclavian vein.. the is no pneumothorax.. no lungs are otherwise hyperinflated but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural effusion.. there pleural foreign bodies noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural or pleural effusion.. no pleural foreign bodies noted.
no evidence cardiopulmonary process.. the lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma.. there size and normal limits.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the hilar lobe xxxx calcified granuloma.. the size and normal limits.. no pleural effusion or.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal effusion or pneumothorax.. the mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the evidence effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart contour.. no pleural consolidation suspicious.. no are.
no acute airspace opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the lingular atelectasis posteriorly.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no and mediastinum of normal size and <unk>.
no acute lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. the subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly.. the pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.. no and mediastinum <unk> normal size and <unk>.
no evidence of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there or granulomas identified.
no acute of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits.. the are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. no size is pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there or granulomas identified.. there xxxx-a-xxxx remains in <unk>.. .
no evidence of active disease.. the size is pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits.. there are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. no or granulomas identified.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is midline.. the heart is is slightly large.. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart is midline.. the heart is is slightly large.. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding.. there lungs lungs appear clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion.. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified.. the comparison with prior images to document stability.. there none are available consider nonemergent xxxx chest for further characterization.. there pulmonary size and mediastinal <unk>.. there lungs are otherwise of focal focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified.. the comparison with prior images to document stability.. the none are available consider nonemergent xxxx chest for further characterization.. there pulmonary size and mediastinal contours.. there lungs are clear of focal focal airspace disease.. the the left lung base there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified.. the pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no lung volumes.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the is low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result.. no pleural effusion or or focal airspace disease.
no lung volumes.. the focal cardiopulmonary disease.. the is no lung volumes bronchovascular crowding as a result.. no pleural effusions or or focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal of the right silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax pleural effusion focal focal airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the cardiomediastinal of the right silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax or effusion or focal airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the cardiomegaly of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the is no pneumothorax or effusion or focal airspace <unk>.
no acute disease.. the enlargement of the xxxx bilaterally increased since the prior xxxx xxxx adenopathy.. the lungs with basilar atelectasis.. the heart silhouette are normal.. the lungs are free but xxxx given the underinflation the xxxx appear enlarged more xxxx than on the exam and xxxx.. the degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no pleural air space consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no evidence of active nodules.. there single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral xxxx fracture is present.. there a comparison study the age of this fracture is unknown.. the disease is possible however given the nonsclerotic appearance is not xxxx.. the left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures.. there lungs are clear.. there lungs is pulmonary xxxx appear normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no evidence of active nodules.. there single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral xxxx fracture is present.. there a comparison study the age of this fracture is unknown.. there disease is possible however given the nonsclerotic appearance is not xxxx.. there left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures.. there lungs are clear.. there lungs is pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. there lungs spaces are clear.. there are contours appear normal.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. the acute for active cardiopulmonary disease.. the evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact.. the xxxx cardiomegaly.. there pulmonary xxxx.. there xxxx are clear.
low cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. low acute of active cardiopulmonary disease.. there evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact.. there xxxx cardiomegaly.. there pulmonary vascularity.. there lungs are clear.. there focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusions.. there xxxx opacities are related to overlying soft tissues.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute of active disease.. the heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the is no of previous granulomatous disease.. no pulmonary contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the is no of previous granulomatous disease.. no heart contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration volumes.
no acute of active disease.. the are scattered calcified granulomas.. the focal consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute of active disease.. the is scattered calcified granulomas.. there pleural consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.. there size is mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no lung disease without acute findings.. no increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate.. the hilar pleural thickening.. there pleural.. stable pleural effusion or.. no cardiomediastinal size.. there degenerative change of the xxxx status post remote right humerus fracture.. no xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body also xxxx <unk>.
no lung disease without acute findings.. the increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate.. the hilar pleural thickening.. there pleural.. no pleural effusion or.. no degenerative size.
no exam with known right aortic xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal of the right aortic xxxx.. the mediastinal size.
no cardiomegaly with known right aortic xxxx.. the cardiomediastinal of the right aortic xxxx.. the heart size.
stable cardiomegaly with known acute abnormality seen.. the appearance silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta.. no focal pleural effusion or focal focal air space <unk>.
no cardiomegaly with known acute abnormality seen.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette tortuous thoracic aorta.. the focal pleural effusion or focal focal air space <unk>.. no calcified lung base <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is normal in size.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary pulmonary vasculature.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is normal in size.. the heart contour pulmonary pulmonary vasculature.. no lungs are clear focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no focal consolidation pleural pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change differential diagnosis is xxxx and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema inflammation atypical infection infiltrative process.. no with previous exams would be of xxxx.. the hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy metastatic disease.. the size is top normal bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance mild aortic ectasiatortuosity.. there flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema xxxx and irregular interstitial markings right greater than left.. there left epicardial fat xxxx no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there septal occluder artifact.
no heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change differential diagnosis is xxxx and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema inflammation atypical infection infiltrative process.. xxxx with previous exams would be of xxxx.. there hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy metastatic disease.. there size within top normal bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance mild aortic ectasiatortuosity.. there flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema xxxx and irregular interstitial markings right greater than left.. there left epicardial fat xxxx no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. there septal occluder artifact.
no size normal.. the expanded lungs.. the valve prosthesis.. the hilar hilar lymph node.. no calcified right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules.
no size is.. stable expanded lungs.. the valve prosthesis.. the hilar hilar lymph node.. no mediastinal right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules.. no lungs is xxxx right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old ct scans.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart is normal in.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart is normal in.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is normal normal limits.. no focal airspace consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and normal normal limits.. the pleural consolidation consolidation.. the pleural pleural pleural effusion.. .
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. no pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is normal limits.. the pleural consolidation consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary heart.. the focal of tuberculosis.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no granulomatous disease.. there lungs are <unk> and.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the focal of active.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. no granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the is a diffuse.. the is no pleural consolidation.. the are no pleural or pleural pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
no acute disease.. the heart.. the degenerative joint disease.. the lungs and mediastinum have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. no lungs are clear and expanded.. no size mediastinum are.
no prominent interstitial markings which could represent interstitial edema.. the cardiomegaly of the posterior sulcus which could represent a small effusion.. the sternotomy xxxx and intact.. the clips overlying the mediastinum.. there valve replacement seen.. there lung volumes.. there lungs markings appear prominent which may represent interstitial edema.. there are no blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view which could represent a small effusion.
cardiomegaly prominent interstitial markings which could represent interstitial edema.. stable cardiomegaly of the posterior sulcus which could represent a small effusion.. the sternotomy xxxx appear intact.. the clips overlying the mediastinum.. there valve replacement seen.. there lung volumes.. there lungs markings appear prominent which may represent interstitial edema.. there is no blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view which could represent a small effusion.
no xxxx xxxx and changes of copd as before.. the right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before.. the are clear hyperexpanded.. no contours is.
no xxxx xxxx and changes of copd as before.. the right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before.. no are clear hyperexpanded.
no for x-xxxx.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.
no for.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the lungs are free.. no structures are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal consolidation consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the focal consolidation consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear focal air space opacity.. the is no focal or pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear focal air space opacity.. the is no pneumothorax or pleural pleural effusion.. no lungs silhouette is normal in size and <unk>.
no size is normal the are <unk>.. .
no size is normal the are <unk>.
no size is normal and.. the are clear.. the focal of tuberculosis.
no size is normal.. the are clear without.. the focal of tuberculosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs are clear.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no lung calcified granuloma noted.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the lung calcified granuloma noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the lungs size normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. no lungs is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. the lungs are clear focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. no is no acute bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal consolidation consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidations.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no consistent with mild congestive heart failure.. the size mildly enlarged enlarged.. the contour within.. there are no tortuosity interstitial prominence suggestive of edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. the granulomatous disease.. no lungs are free clear.
no acute of active disease.. the heart pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or <unk> is <unk>.
no and probable right basilar scarring.. the acute pulmonary disease identified.. the is hyperinflation.. there is no subtle scarring in the lateral right base.. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.
no and probable right basilar scarring.. no acute pulmonary disease identified.. there is no.. there is no subtle scarring in the lateral right base.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there lungs is not significantly enlarged.. there is atherosclerotic changes of the aorta.. there changes of the skeletal structures are <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. the is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. no is no focal air space consolidation.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the images submitted.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the are clear.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the images submitted.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the images submitted.. the silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.
no alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease.. the is low alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease.. the is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there lungs silhouette is enlarged.
no right and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease.. the are low alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease.. the is no pneumothorax of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. the lungs silhouette is enlarged.. no are degenerative calcifications of the aortic xxxx.. no are degenerative changes of the thoracic <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal size and shape.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart are clear.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart is is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size is mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour.. the lungs are clear.. no pleural or pleural <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no focal effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. there chest xxxx tip is visualized in the distal svc.. there are no pneumothorax.. there lungs lung margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process.. the size is normal but stable.. the position prior granulomatous disease.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process.. the size is normal but stable.. the cardiomediastinal prior granulomatous disease.. no xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy <unk>.
no cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process.. the size is enlarged but stable.. the cardiomediastinal prior granulomatous disease.. there xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart size and the limits of normal.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no heart pulmonary and the limits of normal.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. no is no focal areas of consolidation.
stable cardiomegaly of copd.. stable is a thickening bilaterally more prominent in the bases.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and appearance.. the are no.. no pleural focal.. the bullae are seen in the right upper lung.
cardiomegaly cardiomegaly of copd.. the is a thickening bilaterally more prominent in the bases.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. there are no.
no appearance of the chest.. no acute consolidation acute finding on today's study.. there heart size.. there chest xxxx tip mid svc.. there lung surgical clips.. there degenerative based nodule left mid chest.
no evidence of active disease.. the lung volumes are present.. the lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there are been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures.
no evidence of active disease.. the lung volumes are present.. the lungs pulmonary and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there is been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs are clear.. the is no nodules projecting in the right upper lung.. the contours are normal.. the lungs and xxxx appear normal.. the spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs are clear.. the is no nodules projecting in the right upper lung.. no contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the lungs are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural air consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no evidence of active disease.. the lungs are clear.. there is no pleural air consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted.. the heart is is moderately enlarged.. the is no of previous aortic valve replacement.. no sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact.
no and superimposed acute disease noted.. the heart is is moderately enlarged.. the is no of previous aortic valve replacement.. the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.
no acute disease.. the size is normal limits cardiomediastinal contours are normal.. the are clear.. no pleural consolidation.
no acute disease.. the size is normal limits cardiomediastinal contours are normal.. no are clear without.. no focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation.. the focal pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the focal consolidation.. no focal pneumothorax.. no pleural pleural effusions.
no for acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size is.. the position silhouette.
normal for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is.. the position silhouette.. no pleural or effusion or suspicious airspace disease.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the for focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lobe calcified granulomas.. no pulmonary.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette is normal in size and contour.. no for focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lobe calcified granulomas.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the heart contour.. no few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease.. no lung parenchyma is clear.. no pleural disease.
no chest size.. the heart vasculature.. the heart contour.. the few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease.. no lung parenchyma is clear.. no pleural disease.
no lungs heart size upper limits of normal.. the are clear without focal consolidation disease.. there xxxx calcifications are again noted.
no lungs with heart size upper limits of normal.. the are clear focal consolidation disease.. the xxxx calcifications are again noted.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no aneurysmal of the chest.. the acute pulmonary disease.. there is diminished xxxx sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs and mediastinum contours are unchanged.
no chest of the chest.. the acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is low xxxx sternotomy xxxx.. there lungs and mediastinum contours are unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the lungs are clear.. no is no focal air space consolidations.. no pleural effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the size and normal.. the lungs are clear.
no size is.. the are.. no 5 mm right upper lobe <unk>.
no size normal.. the are.. the 5 mm right upper lobe <unk>.
no sized right pneumothorax.. the is a right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift suggesting xxxx.. the right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift.. there lungs silhouette is normal normal size and configuration.. there vasculature within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal.. the silhouette is normal without mediastinal widening.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal.. the silhouette is normal without mediastinal widening.. no are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs.. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette.. the mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs.
no cardiomegaly no failure or pneumonia.. the heart is normal large.. the vascularity are normal.. no pleural.
no cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia.. the heart is normal large.. the vascularity are normal.
no size is.. the tortuous calcified aortic xxxx.. the tube tip 4 cm above the carina.. there scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most xxxx represents calcified granulomas.. there pleural or masses.
no size is.. the tortuous calcified aortic xxxx.. the tube tip 4 cm above the carina.. there scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most xxxx represents calcified granulomas.. no pleural or masses.
no without pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes.. the interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema.. no for pneumothorax or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes.. the interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema.. no for effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the silhouette and normal.. the vasculature and xxxx are normal.. the pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the silhouette and normal.. the vasculature and xxxx are normal.. no pleural pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. no tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.. the cardiomediastinal of the thoracic aorta.. no pleural consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is unremarkable.. no lungs are <unk>.
no of copd with right lung base focal atelectasis.. the evidence of failure or pneumonia.. the focal lung xxxx.. no xxxx are present in the right lower lobe.. no pleural airspace.. no size mediastinum of unremarkable.
xxxx of copd with right lung base focal atelectasis.. the acute for failure or pneumonia.. the focal lung xxxx.. no xxxx are present in the right lower lobe.. no pleural areas.. no size mediastinum are unremarkable.
no size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
no size normal normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. the crowding without typical findings of pulmonary <unk>.
xxxx change.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. there volumes are low.
no opacity.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.. no pleural consolidation.
no change.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. no volumes are low.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
no evidence pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal effusions collection or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the focal consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal effusions collection or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the acute consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate.. the focal fluid collection or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute <unk>.. the focal cardiopulmonary injuries.. the are.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute disease.. the focal cardiopulmonary injuries.. the are.. no lungs are clear and expanded.
no size with pulmonary edema.. the silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance.. the vascularity is unremarkable.. the are no bilateral interstitial opacities with xxxx b lines demonstrated.. no amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures.
no size with pulmonary edema.. the silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance.. the xxxx is unremarkable.. the is no bilateral interstitial opacities with xxxx b lines demonstrated.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural bony abnormality <unk>.
no xxxx xxxx.. the and clear lungs.. the contour within normal limits.. no pleural cardiopulmonary abnormality <unk>.
no 2 views of the chest.. the cardiomediastinal size.. the pulmonary xxxx.. no focal disease.. no for acute.
no 2 views of the chest.. the heart size.. the mediastinal vasculature and.. no pleural disease.. no for acute.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and mediastinal contours are.. no are clear without for residuals of prior granulomatous infection.. no pleural <unk> or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and pulmonary contour are.. the are clear for residuals of prior granulomatous infection.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.. the heart size.. no for pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. the size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. no pleural rib <unk> <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. no size and pulmonary vascularity within normal <unk>.
no acute of active disease.. no size is pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.. there calcification is noted.
no evidence of active disease.. the size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there lungs are free of focal airspace disease.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is calcified focal effusions or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size is silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no focal effusions or <unk>.
no for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal silhouette are normal.. the cardiomegaly of the aorta.. no lung volumes lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly for acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is pulmonary silhouette are normal.. no cardiomegaly of the aorta.
no left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis consistent with pneumonitis.. the the interval consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe.. the anterior segment xxxx opacity is present.
no left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis consistent with pneumonitis.. the the interval consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe.. the anterior segment xxxx opacity is present.. the lung remains clear.
no for acute abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and normal in size and contour.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lateral view given overlapping silhouettes.
no for acute abnormality.. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no lateral view given overlapping silhouettes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta.. the is been present and without significant change since at xxxx xxxx.. no chest ct may be useful.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits.. there xxxx consolidation pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there heart osseous structures appear <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits.. the focal airspace suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.. the is no pleural or pleural effusion.. the is no focal areas of <unk>.
no chest exam.. the heart size.. the lungs.. no pleural or.
no chest.. the heart.. the lungs.. no pleural or.
no few basilar xxxx of opacity.. the may represent scarring or atelectasis.. the lungs size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. no lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no few basilar xxxx of opacity.. the may represent scarring or atelectasis.. the lungs size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the appearance.. the granulomas aorta.. no pleural airspace space disease.. no calcified coarse changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal.. the position of right central venous catheter.. no removal of nasogastric tube.. no size is normal.. no prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the cardiomediastinal.. the cardiomediastinal of right central venous catheter.. the removal of nasogastric tube.. no size is normal.. no prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe.. no is no xxxx focal air space consolidations.. no pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.. no mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate.. the heart is lungs contours are stable.. the is no patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate.. the heart size lungs contours are stable.. the is no patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the is hyperinflation single calcified granuloma in the right lung base.. there lungs are free grossly clear bilaterally.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base.. the lungs are clear grossly clear bilaterally.. there is no pleural or pleural effusion.. there and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.. there is degenerative clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.. the t-spine osteophytes are <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted.. the focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there size is normal limits for technique no mediastinal widening seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted.. there focal consolidation suspicious or large pleural effusion.. there size is normal limits technique no mediastinal widening seen.
no change projecting over the left midlung.. the examinations would be useful.. there there comparison examinations exist xxxx would be helpful for further evaluation.. there are no 0 opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view.. there pleural effusion or.. there pleural of pneumothorax.. there size is normal.
no opacity projecting over the left midlung.. the examinations would be useful.. the there comparison examinations exist xxxx would be helpful for further evaluation.. no is no xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view.. no pleural effusions or.. no pleural of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease.. the lungs are clear.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no lungs and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. the is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pleural air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no of cardiomegaly.. the focal disease.. the the interval the heart size has become normal.. no xxxx are normal.
no of cardiomegaly.. the focal disease.. the the interval the heart size has become normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear.. the size pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. there contour are normal.. there spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs appear clear.. the size pulmonary xxxx appear normal.. there contour are normal.. there spaces are clear.
no cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the heart and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable.. the element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe.. no addition subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle.
no cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the heart and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable.. the element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe.. no addition subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal contour are unremarkable.. the is no pleural or effusion focal airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size is mediastinal contours appear unremarkable.. the is no pneumothorax or effusion focal airspace <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no focal findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings size within normal limits.. the focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen.. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size and limits of normal stable.. the aorta.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary process.. the size is limits of normal but stable.. the aorta.. no lungs are clear inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear.. the heart is pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear.. the heart is pulmonary xxxx are normal.. the lungs spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size contours.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural of the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the heart size contours.. the focal airspace consolidations.. no pleural of the lungs.
no senescent changes with grossly clear lungs.. the acute or chf identified.. the few scant reticular opacities in right lung base xxxx hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis.. no pleural infiltrates abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.
no senescent changes with grossly clear lungs.. no acute or chf identified.. there single scant reticular opacities in right lung base xxxx hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis.. no pleural infiltrates abnormalities since the previous chest <unk>.
no cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic xxxx.. the is consistent with atherosclerotic disease.. the addition subsegmental prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location.. no the heart is not enlarged this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension.
no cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration.. the and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic xxxx.. the is consistent with atherosclerotic disease.. no addition subsegmental prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location.. no the heart is not enlarged this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension.
no chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the congestion without edema.. no are clear and clear of airspace disease.
no cardiomegaly with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the congestion without edema.
no chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the cardiomediastinal silhouette.. the congestion without edema.. no are clear and clear of airspace disease.
no changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this.. there is no pleural.. no is no pleural or.
no changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this.. there is no pleural.. no is no focal or.. no pleural pleural effusion.
no chest.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.. no pleural in the lungs.. no pleural effusion collections.
no chest.. the with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease.. the volumes are low.. no pleural in the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs pulmonary normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.. no is no focal or <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the lungs is normal in size contour.. the lungs are clear evidence of infiltrate.
right cardiomegaly cardiomegaly.. stable residual pleural effusions.. the heart is enlarged mildly enlarged.. there contours are stable.. there of xxxx sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted.
no for acute abnormality.. the lungs silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the lungs focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. no chest wall surgical clips compatible with prior lumpectomy.
no for acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart silhouette and normal in size and contour.. the lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.. there chest wall surgical clips compatible with prior lumpectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are clear.. no <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.. the vascularity is within normal limits.
no cardiomegaly.. the are clear without effusions or edema.. .
no acute disease.. the are clear.. the pleural consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is.
no acute disease.. the are clear.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal middle lobe bronchiectasis xxxx postinfectiouspostinflammatory.. there heart size mediastinal contours.. there is no opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx.. there was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis.. no is no pneumothorax focal airspace disease.. no pleural or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the cardiomediastinal middle lobe bronchiectasis xxxx postinfectiouspostinflammatory.. the heart size mediastinal contours.. there is no opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx.. no was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis.
low hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. no is low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases.. no focal consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.
no hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. there is low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases.. no pleural consolidation of pulmonary consolidation.
xxxx hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.. the heart silhouette is within normal limits for appearance.. no is low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases.. no focal infiltrates of pulmonary consolidation.
no size is normal and lungs are <unk>.. .
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute of active disease.. the heart are clear bilaterally.. the is no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease.. the heart size lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. the spondylosis.. there granulomatous.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart contours are normal.. the lungs are free.. there <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there lung volumes with basilar atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease.. the and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there lung volumes with basilar atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size and normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.. no pleural or pleural.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is normal limits.. the focal airspace consolidation.
no atelectasis opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia.. the heart pulmonary is moderately limits of normal.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no are no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no atelectasis opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia.. the heart is and normal limits of normal.. there lungs xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. no is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.
no lower nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in the right atrium.. the is t-spine pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs.. the the right lung there is a 9 x 1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib.. there is no xxxx x 2 cm nodule xxxx above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right.. there is no calcified x 1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view.. there not already performed contrast-enhanced xxxx would be xxxx suited to evaluate these findings.. there is degenerative focal areas opacities to suggest pneumonia.. there the stomach contours appear grossly clear.
no pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in the right atrium.. the is t-spine pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs.. the the right lung there is a 9 x 1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib.. the is no 0 x 2 cm nodule xxxx above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right.. no are no calcified x 1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view.. no not already performed contrast-enhanced xxxx would be xxxx suited to evaluate these findings.. no is degenerative xxxx areas opacities to suggest pneumonia.
no chest evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal.. the are clear.. the are normal.. no pleural effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or <unk>.
no chest film evidence of tuberculosis size normal.
no for.. the heart are clear.. no lungs silhouette is normal normal limits.
no for.. the heart are clear.. no lungs silhouette is within normal limits.
no operative chest with no acute disease.. the sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
low operative chest with no acute disease.. the xxxx and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval.. there lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates.. there xxxx are <unk>.
no size is normal lungs are clear.. the focal pleural or <unk>.. .
no size is normal the are clear.. the acute pleural or <unk>.. .
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. the left xxxx.. the focal consolidation of pulmonary.. no size within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease.. no left xxxx.. the focal consolidation of consolidation.. there size is normal limits.. there pleural effusion or.. there pleural of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta.. the focal consolidation suspicious or large effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta.. the focal airspace suspicious or large effusion.. no pleural bony <unk>.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear.. the is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the are clear without.. the is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. heart are clear.. the is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no size of density in the left cardiophrenic xxxx.. the differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat pericardial mass pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm.. there chest with contrast is recommended.. there were and recommendations were discussed xxxx.. there xxxx dr.. there xxxx telephone at xxxx <unk>.. there xxxx xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.
no opacity of density in the left cardiophrenic xxxx.. the differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat pericardial mass pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm.. the chest with contrast is recommended.. no were and recommendations were discussed xxxx.. no xxxx dr.. no xxxx telephone at xxxx <unk>.
no are no xxxx spherical xxxx shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter.. the may represent scarring calcified hepatic cyst.. the be further evaluated with ct if clinically indicated.. no elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the size is.. the cardiomegaly of the aorta aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta.. the is no focal consolidation or effusion.. no focal bony abnormality <unk>.
no cardiomegaly persistent bibasilar bibasilar atelectasis.. no performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion xxxx intact without complicating features.. there is no elevation with persistent bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis andor infiltrate.. no focal focal airspace or pleural effusions.
no appearance changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacitiesatelectasis.. the heart pulmonary normal in size.. the heart is stable.. the changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable.. there opacity space opacities have significantly improved.. there skeletal are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx.
no heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits.. the vasculature appears normal.. there is no pleural air space consolidation.. no pleural effusion or <unk>.
no consistent with widespread with interstitial thickening.. no may be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis.. the xxxx if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea.. there lungs silhouette is normal normal limits appearance.. there lungs are free with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms.. no degenerative lung markings xxxx due to chronic changes.. there pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.
no opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis.. the nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia.. the chest is in xxxx.. there lungs is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there prominent perihilar opacities are present.. no interstitial small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone.. no are slightly more prominent than on the previous study.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic xxxx versus dextrocardia.. the lungs are clear.. no no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural <unk>.
no arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right.. the copd but no acute pulmonary disease.. no the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout.. no formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head.. no do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process.
no lungs.. the evidence evidence of tuberculosis tb.. the and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.. no xxxx is within normal limits.. no pleural consolidation space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. no is no a calcified xxxx opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema hematoma or prior tb.
no size is normal normal limits.. the focal.. the scarring in the right base.. there pleural effusion or consolidation or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly acute airspace space consolidation.. no densities at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes.. the xxxx if provide further evaluation if warranted.. there heart silhouette is normal in size and contour.. there xxxx.. there lungs.. there xxxx perihilarmidlung density.. there opacities opacities as well.
right pleural in the mid svc.. xxxx for acute.. there pleural airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis.. there interstitial <unk> may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology.. no bilateral changes of the distal right <unk>.
no bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung.. the considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor.. the clinical correlation and further imaging xxxx examination.. the heart and not in size.. the lungs contours are <unk> normal limits.. there are degenerative bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes.
no size is normal normal limits.. the evidence.. the scarring in the right base.. the pleural effusion or consolidation or pneumothorax.. no coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph not well localized on the frontal image.
no lungs.. the acute cardiopulmonary findings.. the right disease.. no is been interval cabg.. no sutures xxxx cerclage xxxx appear intact.
no prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass.. the increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection chest ct is recommended for further evaluation.. the is no of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass.. the are no tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.. no silhouette is within normal limits.
no opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis.. the nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia.. the chest is in xxxx.. there heart is and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.. there prominent perihilar opacities are present.. there prominent small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone.. there are slightly more prominent than on the previous study.
no bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung.. stable considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor.. the clinical correlation and further imaging xxxx examination.. the lungs size not in size.. the lungs contours are otherwise normal limits.. no are degenerative bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes.. no lungs is noted in the left lower lobe posteriorly measuring approximately 0 cm.
no acute right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis.. no residual.. the is size stable stable.. the residual moderate left-sided pleural effusion increased xxxx compared to prior chest radiograph.
no left apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness.. no sternotomy rib fractures involving at xxxx the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement.. the cardiomegaly basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus contusion.. there heart silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits size.. there are no calcified right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness.. there is no subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck.. there is atherosclerotic of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement.. there fractures cannot entirely be excluded.. there is no blunting airspace disease in the right lung base.
no acute cardiopulmonary.. the heart pulmonary and within normal limits.. there lungs aorta is tortuous from the prior radiograph.. there calcification graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph.. there are atherosclerotic calcified granulomas.. there are no pneumothorax consolidation consolidation.. there pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
xxxx left changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacitiesatelectasis.. the heart is normal in size.. the lungs is stable.. the changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable.. there opacity space opacities have significantly improved.
no of posterior 10 rib fracture correlate with xxxx tenderness.. the crosses the 10th left posterior rib.. the portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable.. no contours are normal.
xxxx heart size.. the xxxx.. there residual effusions and basilar airspace disease.. there central catheter tip low svc.. there tube has been removed.
no density of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass.. the increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection chest ct is recommended for further evaluation.. the is no of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass.. no is no tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
stable acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. the large hiatal hernia.. the evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia age-indeterminate xxxx fracture deformities.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size is within pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. no degenerative of the thoracic aorta.
no bilateral.. the evidence active airspace disease.. the markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs.. there size is normal.. there xxxx are.
no cardiomegaly without.. the acute cardiopulmonary effusion.. the is no calcified opacity the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior xxxx xxxx.. the heart silhouette is enlarged enlarged to prior study.. no is no atelectasis vascular congestion.
cardiomegaly lungs.. the cardiac ventricle.. there persistent dilated aorta.
no acute of active or aspiration suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery the lungs appear clear.. the evidence of pneumonia pneumonia.. the lungs is pulmonary xxxx are normal.
low acute pulmonary abnormality.. low with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. low large hiatal hernia.. there evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia age-indeterminate xxxx fracture deformities.. there lungs are pleural spaces show no acute abnormality.. there size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.. there tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.. there is degenerative degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation remodeling of the glenoid and extensive subchondral cystic change.
no arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right.. the copd but no acute pulmonary disease.. the the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout.. the formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head.. there do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process.. there view of the femur shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other significant abnormality.. no of the left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head.
xxxx change right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity.. the definite pneumothorax.. the residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation.. there xxxx right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity.. there xxxx residual pneumothorax.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there is degenerative lung volumes.. there focal pleural effusion.
no acute disease.. the heart is lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval.. the lungs are clear and expanded.. no and mediastinum <unk>.
no acute disease.. the is scattered small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance.. the lungs are free.. there are no surgical xxxx seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally.. there lungs and mediastinum are normal.. there is no calcified in the right shoulder.
stable left hemidiaphragm paralysis.. the a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation.. there xxxx of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential xxxx.. there result notification documented through primordial.. there lungs is xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits.. there is no pneumothorax effusion or pneumothorax.. there is no pneumothorax infiltrate space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.. there is no left hemidiaphragm elevation.
stable lower catheter tip in proximal right atrium.. no evidence.. the heart is borderline in size.. there heart is calcified tortuous.. there xxxx ij catheter is in xxxx with tip in proximal right atriumcavoatrial junction.. there is no pneumothorax.. there are <unk> clear.
no lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right.. the may be secondary to inhalational injury.. there followup to ensure complete resolution.. there lungs is not normal limits in size.. there clips material projects over the right lung apex.. there lungs are free and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema.. there is no basilar lobe airspace disease identified.. there is no left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion.. there pneumothorax pneumothorax.
xxxx right right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity.. no residual pneumothorax.. the residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation.. there xxxx right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity.. there pleural residual pneumothorax.. there cardiomediastinal silhouette.. there are low lung volumes.. there pleural pleural effusion.. there pleural consolidation consolidation.. there amount of subdiaphragmatic free <unk>.
no basilar line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and svc; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful.. the is a moderate atherosclerotic aorta.. the left volumes with widened ap diameter of the chest xxxx due to copd; recommend clinical correlation.. there xxxx bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification.. no pleural of pneumothorax consolidation large pleural effusionpneumothorax.
no acute in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung.. the of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison.. no chest catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs.. no pleural consolidation pleural.
no pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases.. the radiograph and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation.. the the interval the heart there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally.. no lungs identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size.
stable right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease.. the lung.. the fracture.. the separation.. no lung remains elevated.. no and atelectasis are present in the right lung base.. no lung is clear.
no emphysema.. no pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe.. there could irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring however recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging if available to determine long-term stability.. there none are available recommend short-term xxxx in 3 to 4 months.. there of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful.. there may not xxxx available at the outside institution.. there cannot be confidently excluded on the available images.. there are clear with interstitial changes of severe emphysema.. there is no ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.. the silhouette is and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta.. the is no focal consolidation or effusion.. the pleural bony abnormality.